PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 1-29-2015

PhET Progress Report
John Blanco
January 29th, 2015

Time period covered: January 9th through January 28th.  This is a three week period due to canceled status meetings.

Sonficiation Prototype - 16.0 hrs

o  Created an initial version, reviewed with IRDC, Sam, Ariel, and Emily.
o  Wrote up description of sounds used and why for discussion with IDRC.
o  Modified based on feedback, reviewed again with same group.
o  Next steps are to look at other simulations.

Arithmetic HTML5 - 18.0 hrs

o  Implemented the animation feature.
o  Implemented 'double touch' behavior for the factor screen.
o  Reviewed in design meeting.

Neuron HTML5 - 4.0 hrs

o  Improved layout based on feedback from Ariel.
o  Tested, updated issues.

States of Matter - 2.0 hrs

o  Did a light review of behavior and a quick look at the code, gave Actual Concepts the go-ahead to invoice for the next 25%.

Least Squares Regression - 3.0 hrs

o  Published dev versions, supported Martin.

Curve Fitting HTML5 - 1.0 hrs

o  Cleaned up some issues with project structure.

Charges and Fields HTML5 - 2.0 hrs

o  Worked with Martin on design, avoiding memory leaks.

Projectile Motion HTML5 - 2.0 hrs

o  Design meeting (x2).

Molecules and Light - 1.5 hrs

o  Published a version, tested, worked with Amy to log some issues, published and updated version.  Oliver has set up testing task.

Balancing Act - 1.0 hrs

o  Investigated an issue by an outside user who wants the stable code.

Pendulum Lab - 1.0 hrs

o  Published a couple of versions for testing.

Common Code - 2.0 hrs

o  Tested on Scenery 0.2, logged issues.
o  Supported Martin in some of his work on the measuring tape.

Translation - 29.0 hrs

o  Set up Node server on figaro-dev and on local machine.
o  Implemented pull of English strings from GitHub.
o  Implemented prototype translation that allows test of translated versions using query parameters.
o  Moved prototype code into GitHub (Rosetta), got it working on Windows (much better dev environment).

Installers - 2.0 hrs

o  Built a new version with two different Chinese versions based on a request from China (or Taiwan).

Developer Meetings - 8.0 hrs

o  Developer meeting (several).

Environment - 3.0 hrs

o  Upgraded to IntelliJ 14, reformatted simulations to work with new version.
o  Let external developers know about upgrade to IntelliJ 14.
o  Set up zoom account.
o  Cleaned up disk space on figaro.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 9.0 hrs

o  Weekly status report.
o  Weekly status meeting.
o  Certified EPR.
o  Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 10.0 hrs

o  2 hrs sick leave.
o  Monday, Jan 19th was MLK day