PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 1-8-2015

PhET Progress Report
John Blanco
January 8th, 2015

Time period covered: December 18th through January 8th.  This is a three week period due to holidays.

Neuron HTML5 - 16.0 hrs

o  Worked on solutions to issues with the step back behavior that existed in the Java version, decided on a plan with Ashraf, tested the resulting modifications.
o  Qualified performance on iPad, found it to be somewhat lacking, see https://github.com/phetsims/neuron/issues/55.
o  Implemented UI improvements, including better layout, better control panel colors and borders, delineation of zoom are, etc.
o  Met with Ariel P and Amanda M (separately) to review UI changes and to made additional improvements.
o  Published latest dev version, see http://www.colorado.edu/physics/phet/dev/html/neuron/1.0.0-dev.6/neuron_en.html.

Arithmetic HTML5 - 3.0 hrs

o  Modified equation to make it clearer which element or elements are interactive.
o  Started on integration of new icons.
o  Started on implementation of answer animation.

Least Squares Regression - 3.0 hrs

o  Helped Martin with an issue on scaling of dialogs and PhetMenu.
o  Published dev version, see http://www.colorado.edu/physics/phet/dev/html/least-squares-regression/1.0.0-dev.4/least-squares-regression_en.html.

Plinko Probability - 1.0 hrs

o  Helped Martin with some design decisions.

Curve Fitting HTML5 - 1.0 hrs

o  Set up initial repo and basic project structure, let MLL know.

Projectile Motion HTML5 - 1.0 hrs

o  Set up initial repo and basic project structure, let MLL know.

Installer Port to JavaScript - 10.0 hrs

o  Finished initial wrapper for BitRock installer builder, including ability to modify XML project file.
o  Reached milestone where a simple rip and installer build can be completed (includes home page only).

Installers - 2.0 hrs

o  Tested build of installers with new home page, including a multi-language, and it seems to be working fine.

Translation - 4.5 hrs

o  Meetings (x2), continued discussion of requirements and design.
o  Set up a Node.js-based server on phet-server, created a very rudimentary demo page.
o  Set up the "babel" repository.

Developer Meetings - 3.0 hrs

o  Developer meeting (x2).

Miscellaneous - 2.0 hrs

o  Met with Chris M to discuss some things that he'd learned about profiling.
o  Deployed ph-scale and acid-base-solutions for Chris M.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 6.0 hrs

o  Met with Ariel to discuss priorities and plans.
o  Weekly status report.
o  Weekly status meeting.
o  Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 66.0 hrs

o  2 hrs sick leave.
o  4 holidays, 4 vacation days.
