Move BMI readout to near the heart

Didn't crash on 1.5.0_13 for 0.00.29 on Mac OS X 10.5.2

Lighten up proteins, fats, lipids for projector

Try dark gray color for bar chart text color (not black)

Weight gain goes into fat% to keep BMR basically constant.

Mass slider thumb in the wrong spot on Mac, see malley's machine.

"?" icon should move with the heart

I'm having trouble making sense out of this. It appears that if I add weight
my BMR increases tremendously.  I thought BMR does not increase unless
muscle mass increases.  Then I see that adding to my weight does not change
my body fat.  That seems very strange to me.  Shouldn't that be a
calculation of my weight and height with a slight scaling due to the
muscular slider? The way it's set up, adding to a person's weight
immediately causes calorie burn to compensate and they get lose weight
immediately. This does not match my understanding.

At the meeting let's talk about the amount of exercises that are available.
I think maybe 6 -10 should be up front but then provide an advanced library
or something to access the rest. It's overwhelming right now.  Same thing
with the food.

I think you can do without the per day label on all the foods.  One label
for the box could say Base Diet per day. Then all the rest will be obvious.

"Grocery Store & Restaurants"  could say "individual items"

"Diet" could say "Food for the day" or something straight forward. Diet
means eating less so you can lose weight to most people.

I wanted to click on the food item or description rather than the add
button. Can you change the interface to something like that.  That would
clean up this box a bit as well.

Add a done button at the top of the diet and exercise boxes.

The muscular scale says non on the right.  What should it say?

I'd put the question mark box about BMI next to the BMI readout down below.
That is not what I expected to find next to the heart.

Changing my guy from male to female didn't seem to change anything.

Ok, I'm starting to get to things that will take more time. My biggest
concern is the body fat indicator not changing as your guy gets fatter or
you set his weight really high.

High Priority:

Crashes on mac, see email
    I use a mac-when i access the diet window the sim crashes on me..
    
Provide a link for RV teachers
    >>Just send email

Med Priority:
Add a legend for caloric breakdown pie chart
Number of calories of healthy diet should be editable
Zoom in/out for bar graphs
    alternatively: Readouts by base of bar graph?
Add description to sedentary, moderate activity, etc.
Relabel 5.89 ft to 5' 9" etc.
Food composition should lead to a change in the Fat Free Mass %
check with fran, bill & kate regarding change in % fat
    http://sportsmedicine.about.com/od/fitnessevalandassessment/a/Body_Fat_Comp.htm
        Can I Change My Body Composition?
        Yes. To increase or decrease your percent of body fat you need to create the right balance between the calories in and calories out. The best way to do this is to decrease daily calories by about 500 and increase your exercise. Aerobic exercise along with strength training is ideal. If you are beginning a new exercise program, you are advised to first consult your physician.
Will students know to push play?
    >>How to indicate this?
Height
    Incorporate growth or height changes with weight?
        should we increase this?
        yes, look on web for height changes since BMI =f(height)
BMI:
    Are we accounting for sex affects on BMI and BMR?
    -Can we put a chart or weblink to compare healthy or unhealthy BMI?
    (see categories chart on national heart lung and blood institute bmi calculator page)
We are still confused about a delay in weight loss if: all variables remained constant:
    diet and lifestyle and then we ran a mile, why there is a delay in weight loss.
    -I think you should be able to do "step day", so you can see the effects of 1 hour activity
Time readouts should be Years:Months, not years in decimal
Dialog box shows n~ characters on mac, see email for screenshot
Remove unused column from food properties file (calories computed from fats, carbs, proteins)

Low Priority:
+Editors for exercise (change time or intensity)
+Put BMI somewhere other than scale
+Caloric intake changes resting metabolic rate
    Extra carbs or protein can increase RMR (not agreed upon)
+Change in intake or expenditure … doesn’t lead to ideal weight loss, since other compartments adjust to compensate
+Better values/more options for base diets
+KG gained per day should be a function of caloric distribution over lipids, carbs and protein
Exercise Selection:
    The exercise function is great. Two questions on this, would it be informative for students
    to see what 590kcals/day is equivalent to (for example 1 hour of swimming, or 2 hours of pilates?)
Add foods/exercise
    -The energy cost of walking/running is about 1.43 kcal/kg/mile, swimming 4x higher, biking 1/4 value of walking
    -Suggested food bag:  Hamburger, large fries, large soda (not supersize),
        submarine sandwich, candy bar, icecream (as you have), a piece of fruit -
        apple, banana or orange, a serving of vegetables, slice of pizza, ?

Discussion:
3000 kcal/day wrong, should be 2000kcal/day
    should this be exact?
    can't force 2000kcal/day and prescribed ffm and have balanced calories
-cauliflower fat content double check
    confirmed this at: http://www.calorie-count.com/calories/item/11761.html
Should fat/fat free composition change based on diet & exercise?
    Check with bill
    -emailed bill
Should we allow option to show BMI in English units?
    -it looks like the universal unit for this is metric kg/m^2
    -Franny says we should only use SI
Is it true that I can eat a hamburger per day above a 'healthy diet', and
  have a steady weight (though a ~10 lb gain) after about three years?
    - to see this, click 'reset all', wait until you're 23 years old, then
      add a hamburger per day.
As I add the exercise the graphs begin to change,
    but I can't see whats happening from the getgo because it runs while the exercise window is open.
    I think this might make it difficult to understand what the starting point is and what the added exercise is changing.
    >>To address this problem, I started the simulation paused; hopefully the user will be able to pause the simulation before
    >>adding exercise/diet.  If not, we can either pause the sim when they bring up an editor, or add a control to the
    >>diet selection panel
Bar chart
    To emphasize the meaning of the bar charts, you might have big labels on
        the left and right of the center line of the bar chart: 'Diet' on the
        left and 'Exercise' on the right (perhaps with the 'edit' buttons below
        the labels)
Satisfy learning goal: How long do you have to bike/walk to burn a certain number of calories?
    the learning goal seems too easy: to figure out "How long do you have to
    bike/walk to burn a certain number of calories?", you just have to look
    at the number of kcal/day in the text of the exercise type.
        might be better to ask how long it would take to lose 10 lbs?
-need more junk food for diet options: pizza, burrito, chips, cookies, tacos, etc
    get rid of brussel sprouts?
    twizzlers or candies
    more junk
    like actual student diets
Reset all needs to clear graphs
    click 'reset all', wait a couple seconds, then click 'restart': graph
    lines are still there, but are drawn over
    >>is this fixed?
Performance: consider profiling or changing clock rate
Removed units from interior of stacked bar chart
    >>Not sure this looks better
Fat Mass
    -Do we need fat mass% and non-fat mass percent? / -How is body fat calculated?  How would a student know their % body fat?
        can we remove this?
        can be default based on gender
        or buttons for "muscular or nonmuscular"
Bug: top graph continued while bottom graph stopped, on McKagan's machine
    >> Can't reproduce this
Graphs need correct vertical and horizontal units
    >> is this fixed, or should we add labels?

Bill 4/18/2008

6. I would also be happy to provide calorie numbers for selected physical activities
just let me know what you might have in mind.

Kathy Minutes 4/17/2008

Energy expenditure:
Metabolic Rate – sleeping only (lowest)
Basal or Resting metabolic rate – from sitting around but awake
Planned exercise/work –
Non-exercise activity thermal-genesis – (fidgeting) this changes when you do exercise

Possibly visualize balance of caloric intake as scale
Should it be a daily view only or extended view?
	- extended