High Priority:

Height
    Incorporate growth or height changes with weight?
        should we increase this?
        yes, look on web for height changes since BMI =f(height)

BMI:
    BMI comparative thing, popup box regarding healthy BMI's
    BMI readings may be slightly off...we checked them against the NHLBinstute chart
    BMI readout is too small to see.  Maybe put next to BMR?
        >>I'd recommend elsewhere, perhaps in the human control panel
    Are we accounting for sex affects on BMI and BMR?
    -Can we put a chart or weblink to compare healthy or unhealthy BMI?
    (see categories chart on national heart lung and blood institute bmi calculator page)

We are still confused about a delay in weight loss if: all variables remained constant:
    diet and lifestyle and then we ran a mile, why there is a delay in weight loss.
    -I think you should be able to do "step day", so you can see the effects of 1 hour activity    

Graphs
    Weight in lbs readout on graph does not equal weight in pounds readout on gray slider
    Graphs need correct vertical and horizontal units, and ability to change weight units between metric and english
        Set graph units to years
    Need a reset graph only button
    Difference between green cal and red cal lines unclear.  Is one cal in and one cal out?
    Rename readouts to "caloric intake" and "caloric burn", make sure they don't overlap
    Graphs need to sync units with unit change button.
    Had to zoom out in both axes to see anything
    Change x-axis to be in years
    Scaling is confusing. x and y axis calibration is set out of range on graphs
    Horizontal graph scale should be linked
    Bug: top graph continued while bottom graph stopped, on McKagan's machine

Food composition should lead to a change in the Fat Free Mass %

Time:
    Time readout at bottom should be years, not seconds.
        When it comes to a person's age, we tend to speak in years or days instead of seconds.
    Change "Step button" to correspond to 1 month per press.

Crashes on mac, see email
    I use a mac-when i access the diet window the sim crashes on me..
    
Provide a link for RV teachers

Layout
    Layout problem on web start, scale readouts cut off, scale units cut off
    
Med Priority:
Add a legend for caloric breakdown pie chart
Number of calories of healthy diet should be editable
Zoom in/out for bar graphs
    alternatively: Readouts by base of bar graph?
Add description to sedentary, moderate activity, etc.
Relabel 5.89 ft to 5' 9" etc.
check with fran, bill & kate regarding change in % fat
    http://sportsmedicine.about.com/od/fitnessevalandassessment/a/Body_Fat_Comp.htm
        Can I Change My Body Composition?
        Yes. To increase or decrease your percent of body fat you need to create the right balance between the calories in and calories out. The best way to do this is to decrease daily calories by about 500 and increase your exercise. Aerobic exercise along with strength training is ideal. If you are beginning a new exercise program, you are advised to first consult your physician.

Will students know to push play?
    >>How to indicate this?

Low Priority:
+Editors for exercise (change time or intensity)
+Put BMI somewhere other than scale
+Caloric intake changes resting metabolic rate
    Extra carbs or protein can increase RMR (not agreed upon)
+Change in intake or expenditure … doesn’t lead to ideal weight loss, since other compartments adjust to compensate
+Better values/more options for base diets
+KG gained per day should be a function of caloric distribution over lipids, carbs and protein
Exercise Selection:
    The exercise function is great. Two questions on this, would it be informative for students
    to see what 590kcals/day is equivalent to (for example 1 hour of swimming, or 2 hours of pilates?)
Add foods/exercise
    -The energy cost of walking/running is about 1.43 kcal/kg/mile, swimming 4x higher, biking 1/4 value of walking
    -Suggested food bag:  Hamburger, large fries, large soda (not supersize),
        submarine sandwich, candy bar, icecream (as you have), a piece of fruit -
        apple, banana or orange, a serving of vegetables, slice of pizza, ?

Discussion:
3000 kcal/day wrong, should be 2000kcal/day
    should this be exact?
    can't force 2000kcal/day and prescribed ffm and have balanced calories
-cauliflower fat content double check
    confirmed this at: http://www.calorie-count.com/calories/item/11761.html
Should fat/fat free composition change based on diet & exercise?
    Check with bill
    -emailed bill
Should we allow option to show BMI in English units?
    -it looks like the universal unit for this is metric kg/m^2
    -Franny says we should only use SI
Is it true that I can eat a hamburger per day above a 'healthy diet', and
  have a steady weight (though a ~10 lb gain) after about three years?
    - to see this, click 'reset all', wait until you're 23 years old, then
      add a hamburger per day.
As I add the exercise the graphs begin to change,
    but I can't see whats happening from the getgo because it runs while the exercise window is open.
    I think this might make it difficult to understand what the starting point is and what the added exercise is changing.
    >>To address this problem, I started the simulation paused; hopefully the user will be able to pause the simulation before
    >>adding exercise/diet.  If not, we can either pause the sim when they bring up an editor, or add a control to the
    >>diet selection panel
Bar chart
    To emphasize the meaning of the bar charts, you might have big labels on
        the left and right of the center line of the bar chart: 'Diet' on the
        left and 'Exercise' on the right (perhaps with the 'edit' buttons below
        the labels)
Satisfy learning goal: How long do you have to bike/walk to burn a certain number of calories?
    the learning goal seems too easy: to figure out "How long do you have to
    bike/walk to burn a certain number of calories?", you just have to look
    at the number of kcal/day in the text of the exercise type.
        might be better to ask how long it would take to lose 10 lbs?
-need more junk food for diet options: pizza, burrito, chips, cookies, tacos, etc
    get rid of brussel sprouts?
    twizzlers or candies
    more junk
    like actual student diets
Reset all needs to clear graphs
    click 'reset all', wait a couple seconds, then click 'restart': graph
    lines are still there, but are drawn over
    >>is this fixed?
Performance: consider profiling or changing clock rate
Removed units from interior of stacked bar chart
    >>Not sure this looks better
Fat Mass
    -Do we need fat mass% and non-fat mass percent? / -How is body fat calculated?  How would a student know their % body fat?
        can we remove this?
        can be default based on gender
        or buttons for "muscular or nonmuscular"

Bill 4/18/2008

6. I would also be happy to provide calorie numbers for selected physical activities
just let me know what you might have in mind.

Kathy Minutes 4/17/2008

Energy expenditure:
Metabolic Rate – sleeping only (lowest)
Basal or Resting metabolic rate – from sitting around but awake
Planned exercise/work –
Non-exercise activity thermal-genesis – (fidgeting) this changes when you do exercise

Possibly visualize balance of caloric intake as scale
Should it be a daily view only or extended view?
	- extended