I played around with this version (3.01.07) and found a few interesting 
things.

-When the frequency is turned up to 10 Hz, you don't see the stuttering of 
the light rays from a light bulb anymore.

-The current plots on the strip chart recorders do look smoother than before 
when the frequency and voltage are turned up, but there is still a slight 
kink in the plot every so often (see attached picture).  When I added a 
similar circuit to the play area (so that there are two different circuits 
running), the plot on the strip chart doesn't get any worse.

-However, when there were two circuits running in the play area, there was 
definitely a decrease in performance and things ran a bit slower.  If you 
grab a wire, say, from the tool bar and drag it around in the play area, 
there is a noticeable lag between the cursor and the wire moving with it.

-When you have an AC voltage source and a light bulb in series and turn the 
frequency to 10 Hz, it looks like the current drifts slightly (counter 
clockwise) as it oscillates back and forth.  I put the mouse cursor next to 
one of the blue dots and watched how one particular blue dot moves over 
time.  Every 10 secs or so, the current stutters ever so slightly and shifts 
the current over.  This seems like a very small/minor problem, but I'm not 
sure if it's effects can be easily seen with a more complicated circuit.

-If you hook a battery and light bulb up to a resistor in series, charge the 
capacitor, and then disconnect the capacitor from the circuit and move the 
charged capacitor around, it leaves a trail of + and - around in the play 
area.  The capacitor still remains charged though.

-There's a problem with the ammeter (in-circuit ammeters).  When you check 
the box to have it added to the tool bar and then click on an ammeter in the 
tool bar, a full sized ammeter appears, but it will not move.  You have to 
unclick and re-click it again to get one to leave the toolbar.

That's all for now--I didn't have time to test the inductor that much.