Sam,
Noah and I worked on the rotation on Tuesday to work out the kinks since how to implement it is less than straight forward. What we’ve come up with requires a change on the water panel also. During one of the phet meetings the concern about the rotation of the box giving the user the idea that they were going to view the end of the box rather than the cross section once the rotation was completed was addressed by adding a dotted line to the center of the display. In an attempt to address this and the issues that arise with trying to rotate a 3-D wave or the user thinking they are seeing a bug we wanted the in between view to be as abstract as possible so that users realize it’s not a perfect 3-D representation. 
What we’ve come up with is to rotate a box that has the horizontal cross section as one face and the vertical crosssection as another face. With light and sound, the surface where we see waves is really a cross section at the light bulb/speaker so we’ll want to make this clear. As soon as rotation begins, half of the view is cut off. See the attached screen shot. With water you can see Noah cut off the front half of the box that rotates so that the front face of the box is actually the plane in the water that we see in the side view. We want to do this for sound and light also. This way, when one rotates the box, the face of the box is actually where the sim will show the waves once the side view or top view snap into place. This means when it does snap into view, the other half of the cross section will have to suddenly appear. The bottom half when we’re snapping into the top view and the top half of the display when snapping into the side view (for light and sound only since water actually has a top which is the crests of the water).
If this is not clear, either call me 970-539-6154 or stop by Noah’s office so we can explain.
I also had some comments on a couple of other things.
Vectors on the light panel:
We have a representation for vectors in radio waves and we’ve found in interviews that it’s useful to use consistent representations. For this reason, we need to have about a third of the vectors on the graph, remove the black outline and have hollow vectors with a colored outline. T he outline should be about twice as thick as it is now. Also the one black vector is misleading. I had a quick informal interview with a student today and they struggled with the significance of the black arrow. Also in the PhET meeting today, I could not make out the arrows on the screen but with radio waves, they are very easy to see on a projector. I’ve attached a screen shot of how they should look.
We also would like default color on the light panel to come up red rather than yellow. Yellow Is the hardest to see on the graph.
On the sound panel the current particle view is too large and there’s only one red molecule. Let’s use the size of molecules that corresponded to 0.6 on your previous version using the same number of red molecules that were displayed on that version. For some reason the current version is very slow. Something needs to be done to improve performance on this panel.
On all panels the graph x-axis units need to represent a realistic number. The measuring tape already does this so for each panel if you could match the units on the graph to what the tape measure uses. For the y-axis, simple tick marks with no numbers or units will work.
The last thing is that on the version 0.09-test, the resizing does not work well on my computer. I’ve attached a screenshot for this as well. It leaves a lot of blank space as shown in this shot and other times part of the graph is cut off so I can’t see the y-axis labels. Between the two choices, I’d choose the fixed wave view and forget the resizing based on how my computer is working. I have not tried it at other resolutions so may not have a full set of information on this.
