Sam,

The threshold for interference on the two lasers panel seems perfect, 
I'm very happy with the behavior.

Here's my list of things that still need to be changed on QWI, in 
addition to some notes on Wendy's requests below:

The resolution controls still don't seem to be working quite right.  The 
barriers and slits come up different sizes depending on the resolution.

The bottom of the photon gun is not visible at the default size that the 
window comes up.  The window needs to be made taller, but not wider, so 
that the entire gun fits.  You could also just move everything up a 
little to fill up some of the empty space at the top of the play area.

Screen on two laser panel should be black and white.

"Speeding Time Up" and "Slowing Time Down"
should be:
"Speeding Up Time" and "Slowing Down Time"

> 1.    I like the tabs.

Overall I agree, but I'm slightly concerned about the gray font in the 
non-active tabs.  Normally gray font means that something can't be used, 
and I find myself not trusting that I'll actually be able to click on 
the other tabs and get them to work.  I recommend keeping the gray 
background on the non-active tabs, but making the font black.

> 2.    Is it possible to make the electron icon a little smaller than the 
> neutron icon?

Yes, this would be preferable.

> 3.    When I resize the window, the gun control box is no longer 
> attached to the laser.  Maybe this is a sim that would benefit from 
> disabling the window size controls as Ron does with some of his 
> simulations.  That would also take care of the massive amounts of blank 
> space that appear between the gun and the control panel when one resizes.

In general, Ron's solution of not allowing the user to resize the 
simulation is not ideal.  In a lecture, it's very hard to see the 
simulation unless it is full screen, but many simulations cannot be made 
full screen if the resolution is greater than 1024x768 and most new 
computers are higher resolution than this.  This is going to be more and 
more of a problem as screen resolutions get better and better.  I think 
we really need to take the time to find a way to make all the 
simulations easily resizable at any resolution.  On a high resolution 
screen, when you make the simulation bigger, all the components of the 
simulation should get bigger.

> 4.    Would it be possible to have something other than a checkbox to 
> turn on the gun?  Maybe a switch?  Since it's on the gun it feels like 
> it should be a physical object similar to the fire button.

Mike has been working on trying to make realistic looking switches for 
the Stern Gerlach simulation and has not yet come up with anything that 
really works.  I don't think we should change this unless we have a 
solid design for a good alternative.

> 5.    I really like McKagan’s idea of putting the gun type control in 
> the box with the other gun controls.  It’s lost over on the left right 
> now. If I understood correctly it’s hard to put a drop down menu in this 
> box.  So I say fake it.  Put the menu above and make the borders and 
> colors match so you can’t tell that they are separate. 
> 
> 6.    I really like McKagan’s mock ups of the gun controls.  One of the 
> things that I think is appealing is that it doesn’t have any numbers on 
> it.  It just looks like a physical control box.    The screen brightness 
> especially.  Is there a reason you need numbers associated with this?  I 
> can see the need for numbers on intensity. Maybe we should only have the 
> readout but not the show the scale on the slider itself.  The readout 
> would have the particles/second label after the value rather than above 
> the slider.  I think that might clean it up a lot.

Regardless of whether gun type control is moved, the intensity and 
wavelength sliders should be made like the sliders in lasers (and in my 
mock up).  We don't need numbers or a label associated with intensity, 
and I think it is actually better not to have this.  Some students in 
our class were confused because of the "intensity (particles/second)" 
label, because in fact intensity is proportional to the energy of the 
beam, and since different colored photons contain different amounts of 
energy, the particles/second at a given intensity is not the same for 
different colors.  This can of worms can be eliminated entirely by 
getting rid of the label and the numbers.

> 7.    Since no one sees the control panel I think we should attempt to 
> work on that also. 
> 
> a.    I’d increase the size of the font and keep the panel width 
> consistent throughout all three panes. 

I agree about increasing the size of the font, but the play area for the 
two lasers panel is larger than the play area for the other two panels, 
so it won't work to keep the control panel the same size for two lasers. 
  It would also be nice to have a way to really call attention to the 
double slits option, but I'm not sure how to do this.

> b.    Right now the icon for the ruler is miniscule and it’s very 
> annoying having the icon there when it’s not an option.

I agree that it's too small and should be bigger, but it's not worth 
worrying about what happens when it's not an option, because as soon as 
I figure out the units for the light waves, it will always be an option. 
  Sorry I've been slow on this.

> c.    I also think that centering the Reset All and Clear Wave buttons 
> will help.

I agree.

> d.    Would it be difficult to have the box remain around the disable 
> Slits button and the Advanced buttons even when those features are 
> hidden (the box would shrink to fit only the button)?  This would keep 
> the disable slits and advanced buttons separate from the other buttons 
> and also give the user the idea that there’s more to be seen.

I'd rather wait till we've done interviews to see how students deal with 
these buttons.