PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 4-25-2013

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
April 25th, 2013

Time period covered: April 18th through April 24th.

Build an Atom (HTML5 version) - 17.0 hrs

o	Got nucleus arrangement algorithm working with Dot + Scenery.
o	Discussed new design for HTML5 version.
o	Got scaling and centering to work.
o	Integrated with the new PhET HTML5 sim framework ("joist").
o	Got labels for the element name, ion state, and stability to update as atom is configured.
o	Added atom marker.
o	Implemented nucleus layering algorithm (in collaboration with Sam R).
o	Added initial version of reset button.
o	Discussed design of 2nd tab and plan for some early prototyping with Ariel P.

Ohm's Law (HTML5 version) - 4.5 hrs

o	Reviewed Mike D's suggestions with him, logged tickets for several.
o	Tested on various platforms, logged issues that resulted.
o	Made voltage labels easier to read on the battery.
o	Various adjustments to the layout based on Mike D's suggestions.
o	Integrated alternative sounds for battery add/remove.

Resistance in a Wire (HTML5 version) - 3.5 hrs

o	Reviewed Mike D's suggestions with him, logged tickets for several.
o	Converted project to use submodules for common code.
o	Tested on various platforms, logged issues that resulted.
o	Changed layout so that equation is on the top and resistor is on the bottom.

John Travoltage (HTML5 version) - 0.5 hrs

o	Reviewed design document and provided comments.

Example Sim - 0.5 hrs

o	Converted to use the new and more complete model-view transform type.

HTML5 Startup: Process Development - 4.0 hrs

o	Provided feedback on Noah P's MLL document, added section on change requests.
o	Weekly developer meetings to discuss various issues around HTML5.

HTML5 Startup: MLL Management - 0.5 hrs

o	Started discussion with Dmitry about the readiness for the next simulation.

Balancing Act: Changes for Stanford study - 4.0 hrs

o	Changed the ruler to be in increments of 1 rather than 0.25, both in the sim and the log file.
o	Added a field in messages about masses on the planks that indicates whether or not the label is shown.
o	Slight change to the wording of the prompt for entering user ID.
o	Met with Min Chi to review changes, discuss next steps.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 4.5 hrs

o	Weekly status meeting.
o	Status report.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time -  0 hrs

