PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 6-13-2013

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
May 23rd, 2013

Time period covered: May 23rd through June 12th.  This is a three week period due to canceled status meetings.

Balancing Act: Changes for Stanford Study - 14.0 hrs

o	Made game start over instead of picking up where user left off.
o	Implemented challenge types and specific challenge sets specified by Min Chi for the game.
o	Fixed some logging issues.
o	Added challenge sequence number and challenge ID to the logged data.
o	Changed layout of the game tab.
o	Published several versions for review and discussion.
o	Met (via Skype) with Min Chi for review and discussion of behavior.

Build an Atom (HTML5 version) - 12.0 hrs

o	Made the particles stack on the 2nd tab.
o	Added reset to the 2nd tab.
o	Fixed issue where electrons were not animating back to the bucket on the 1st tab.
o	Added scale image to the 2nd tab.

Gravity Force Lab (HTML5 version) - 1.0 hrs

o	Design meeting.
o	Several reviews and edits of the design document.
o	Added section on Implementation Details to the design doc.

Ohm's Law (HTML5 version) - 2.0 hrs

o	Got the build tools working for this sim.
o	Deployed latest version to dev.
o	Reviewed issues and tested resolutions.

Resistance in a Wire (HTML5 version) - 2.0 hrs

o	Got the build tools working for this sim.
o	Deployed latest version to dev.
o	Reviewed issues and tested resolutions.

HTML5 Startup: Process Development - 2.0 hrs

o	Weekly developer meetings and collaboration (x3).

HTML5 Startup: MLL Management - 2.5 hrs

o	Set up and conducted postmortem of the development for Ohm's Law and Resistance in a Wire.

HTML5 Build Tools - 1.0 hrs

o	Reviewed some anomalies with CM, logged an issue.

Installer - 2.5 hrs

o	Resolved issue where the version with activities was missing vital files, see #3547.
o	Moved build process and backups to the new data2 partition.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 4.0 hrs

o	Weekly status meeting.
o	Status report.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 0 hrs

