PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 01-09-2014

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
January 9th, 2014

Time period covered: December 19th through January 8th.  This is a three week period due to meeting cancellations over the holidays.

Balancing Act - 22.0 hrs

o	Implemented animation for the masses carousel on second screen.
o	Got mass labels working in the masses carousel.
o	Improved layout of masses carousel.
o	Lint cleanup.
o	Published snapshot prior to starting on the game.
o	Ported a significant portion of the game screen infrastructure.
o	Got the start screen initially working, stubbed the games themselves for now.

Friction - 6.0 hrs

o	Fixed issue where bottom of thermometer appeared to be missing in Firefox on Mac.
o	Propagated changes from the release branch back to the main (master) branch.
o	Published release candidates, updated test matrix, requested testing from the team.
o	Worked with Jonathan O to resolve an issue where canvas wasn't being correctly redrawn on some specific hardware/browser combinations.
o	Made the top cover of the Physics book draggable.
o	Tested 1.0.0-rc.3 release candidate.
o	Published version 1.0.0 to web site.

Acid-Base Solutions - 1.0 hrs

o	Discussed with other developers how to rewrite to be based on property pattern instead of listener pattern, created a ticket, communicated info to MLL.

Build an Atom - 1.5 hrs

o	Cleaned up unused variables.

HTML5 Process Development - 3.0 hrs

o	Developer meeting (x2).

Build and Deployment Tools (Java) - 13.0 hrs

o	Worked with CU IT and directly with Comodo on getting the new code signing certificate.
o	Collected and tested certificate, didn't work, worked with CU IT and Comodo to re-issue.

Environment - 2.0 hrs

o	Inventoried Simian to see if there is anything that should be archived before rebuilding.
o	Exchanged emails with Terry Usry of the root group about potentially helping with web site issues.

Miscellaneous - 1.0 hrs

o	Contacted people to see if I could find any connections at Level 3.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 5.0 hrs

o	Weekly status report.
o	Weekly team meeting.
o	Certified my ePER.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 64.0 hrs

o	Holidays: Christmas Eve, Christmas Day, New Year's Day
o	Took five vacation days over the holidays.
o	We be partially out on Wed Jan 29th.
