PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 7-3-2013

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
July 3rd, 2013

Time period covered: June 20th through July 2nd.  This is a two week period, minus one day, due to one cancelled and one rescheduled status meeting.

Build an Atom (HTML5 version) - 32.0 hrs

o	Reviewed in design meeting.
o	Set up much of the infrastructure for the game tab.
o	Got the first game problem (counts-to-element problem) basically working.
o	Integrated new icon images for home screen.
o	Integrated arrow node for charge meter.
o	Color tweaking.

HTML5 Common Code - 9.0 hrs

o	Worked the JO on an issue involving false positive hit tests in Kite.
o	Looked at issues on the MS Surface related to handling of touch events.
o	Ported the ArrowNode from Java.
o	Ported the FaceNode from Java.
o	Worked with Sam R on some issues with Joist on iPad.
o	Collaborated with Sam R and Chris M on improvements to the button on the Joist nav bar.

HTML5 Startup: Process Development - 3.0 hrs

o	Weekly developer meetings and collaboration (x2).
o	Discussed which platforms to support - only latest FireFix and Chrome?

HTML5 Startup: MLL Management - 2.0 hrs

o	Scheduled and conducted a process review meeting with Dmitry, notes recorded in a Google doc.
o	Gave Dmitry go-ahead on GFL.
o	Requested quote on conversion of RIAW and OL to use Scenery and Axon.

Teach Site Implementation - 3.0 hrs

o	Contacted Quick Left, ThirstyHead, and Pivotal Labs as potential implementers of the site.
o	Met with Sam Breed of Quick Left to discuss implementation of the teach site.

Fundraising - 6.0 hrs

o	Prepared slides for and presented at meeting with Hewlett foundation program officer.

Interviews - 6.0 hrs

o	Interviewed and attended presentations by two candidates for the PRA position.

Installer - 1.0 hrs

o	Started looking at an issue where there is a build failure.

Customer Support - 1.5 hrs

o	Looked into an issue with with launching sims with latest Java version, see #3557.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 2.0 hrs

o	Status report.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.
o	Prepped for annual evaluation, had evaluation meeting.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 0.0 hrs

o	Will be taking a few days at end of July and/or beginning of August to move.
o	Two weeks vacation in mid-August.
