PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 12-12-2013

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
December 12th, 2013

Time period covered: November 21st through December 11th.  This is a three week period due to a couple of canceled status meetings.

Balancing Act - 31.0 hrs

o	Added level markers and force vector indicators.
o	Added tick marks to the plank.
o	Added rulers, markers, and control panel to turn them on and off.
o	Added 2nd screen.
o	Ported class hierarchy for mass creator nodes.
o	Ported initial people masses.
o	Added initial cut at mass kit carousel.
o	Implemented feature to prevent masses from being dragged permanently out of view.
o	Adjusted plank marker appearance based on feedback from Ariel P.
o	Implemented removal animation.

Friction - 19.0 hrs

o	Adjusted heat up and cool down rates.
o	Cleaned up some problematic areas in the code, provided feedback to MLL.
o	Reviewed in design meeting.
o	Added motion range limits to upper book.
o	Fixed an issue with book overlap.
o	Increased amount of motion for atoms when temperature is high (requested by Mike D).
o	Published several versions, had design team review.
o	Worked with Jonathan Olson to implement optimizations so that it runs reasonably well on iPad.

Under Pressure - 3.0 hrs

o	Did initial review, provided initial feedback on code submitted so far.

Acid-Base Solutions - 3.0 hrs

o	Wrote up a 'lite' specification that referenced existing simulation, original design doc, and described some UI changes and implementation details.
o	Solicited estimate from MLL (estimate not provided yet).

Estimation - 3.0 hrs

o	Discussed design in design meeting (x2)

HTML5 Common Code - 5.0 hrs

o	Worked on generalization of speedometer node to gauge node (in collab with Sam R).
o	Created a test app for buttons, removed demo buttons from Balancing Act.
o	Minor cleanup to Ruler Node.

HTML5 Process Development - 10.0 hrs

o	Developer meeting (x6).

MLL Management - 3.0 hrs

o	Set up and held a 'touch base' meeting with Dmitry, Sam R and Ariel P also participated.  Sent out notes from meeting.

Build and Deployment Tools (Java) - 9.0 hrs

o	Worked with CU IT to get Java 7 installed on Figaro and Spot.
o	Worked on issue with JAR signing and deployment, see Unfuddle #3504.

Environment - 3.0 hrs

o	Tested upcoming security change for Java by getting latest update and logging results, see Unfuddle issue #3591.
o	Trying to resolve issue where my development machine goes to sleep after ~2 min of being idle.

Scenery - 1.0 hr

o	Discussed implementation questions with Jonathan O.

Miscellaneous - 5.0 hrs

o	Discussions of getting supported platform info more prominent on the web site.
o	Worked with Ariel on the delivery of simulations to RSC, including documentation and standalone HTML files.
o	Cleaned up my disk usage on Tigercat (requested by CU IT).

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 16.0 hrs

o	Weekly status report.
o	Weekly team meeting.
o	Entered Sept hours in tracking spreadsheet.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 8.0 hrs

o	Thursday, November 28 was Thanksgiving day.
