PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 1-31-2013

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
January 31st, 2013

Time period covered: January 17th through January 30th.  This is a two week period due to a canceled status meeting.

Energy Forms and Changes - 16.0 hrs

o	Continued working on bubble-based steam.
o	Made steam work in fast-forward mode.
o	Fixed an issue that would cause steam to disappear at a certain temperature during cooling.
o	Improved the look of the steam after it leaves the beaker.
o	Fixed issue where steam didn't disappear on a reset.
o	Removed feature where water freezes.
o	Made ice in bucket report temperature at water freezing point.
o	Made it possible to measure the temperature of the steam.
o	Did some profiling and optimization due to some slowness observed on my machine.  Note that Ariel and Noah did not see this slowness.
o	Made E's come from random location when emerging from water, fixed issue where E's would "thin out" at the top of the water over time.

Tablet Investigation - Build an Atom Prototype - 6.0 hrs

o	Made icons behave correctly in the accordion boxes.
o	Made periodic table open initially and centered in box.
o	Animated charge meter, put background in place.
o	Worked on accessibility of accordion boxes with Sam B.
o	Set up initial repository on GitHub.
o	Worked on the charge-pairing graph.

Tablet Investigation - Scene Graph - 2.5 hrs

o	Provided input on email discussion threads.
o	Set up collaboration between JO and SB on the scene graph.

Tablet Investigation - Process Development - 22.0 hrs

o	Group meeting to discuss and document plans.
o	Went over group meeting notes with Sam B and had him comment on decisions and discussions.
o	Met briefly with Chris Kelly via Skype to discuss a product that would essentially circumvent the Apple app store, and would help teachers manage use of our simulations.
o	Sent out notes on collaborations with Sam B.
o	Looked into getting profiles renewed for iOS development.
o	Set up a master simulation project on GitHub.
o	Discussed HTML5 plan with Kathy P.
o	Put together a document which is intended to serve as the actual document that we will hand to Mobile Learning Labs to describe the process that we want them to follow.  Reviewed this with Kathy P.

Line Graphing - 4.0 hrs

o	Code review.
o	Discussed some observations about the game with Ariel.

Circuit Construction Kit - 5.0 hrs

o	Created a flavor for study that will be done with UBC.
o	Configured the study version to have the right command line parameters and configuration to support the specified study.
o	Sent a very early version to the study leader (Ido Roll).

Customer Support - 1.0 hrs

o	Talked with a guy from Chicago schools who wanted to run our sims on Chromebooks. Alluded to some connections at Google who may be able to help fund.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 6.0 hrs

o	Weekly status meeting.
o	Status report.
o	Logged work hours through December.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time -  8 hrs

o	Monday, January 21st, was MKL day.

