PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 3-14-2013

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
March 14th, 2013

Time period covered: March 7th through March 13th.

HTML5 Startup - Ohm's Law - 3.0 hrs

o	Converted strings from Flash version of sim and pushed them to GitHub.
o	Worked on getting i18n operational.
o	Made background color match canvas color.
o	Tested on desk top and iPad.

HTML5 Startup - Resistance in a Wire - 1.5 hrs

o	Made background match canvas.
o	Converted strings from Flash version of sim and pushed them to GitHub.

HTML5 Startup - Build an Atom - 2.0 hrs

o	Worked on incorporating the latest changes from Scenery.

HTML5 Startup - Common Code - 2.0 hrs

o	Participated in session with JO and CM where the Scenery event model was discussed.

HTML5 Startup - Process Development - 2.0 hrs

o	Met with Noah P to discuss how designs will be communicated to MLL.
o	Moved edits from contract into HTML5 contractor document.

HTML5 Startup - Mobile Learner Lab - 2.0 hrs

o	Met with Dmitry K to discuss PhET-MLL relationship.

HTML5 Startup - Skills Development - 5.0 hrs

o	Set up meetings with Sam B for getting in-depth training on the developer tools.
o	Participated in developer tools training meetings with Sam B.

Energy Forms and Changes - 16.0 hrs

o	Implemented a solution for jittery E's.
o	Published latest version and reviewed with Noah P.
o	Implemented more regular output from the solar panel.

Build an Atom (Java Version) - 1.0 hrs

o	Discussed some changes needed for interviews with Emily M.

Environment - 0.5 hr

o	Investigate the amount of space being used on Figaro by the installer backups.  Looks reasonable.

Fundraising - 0.5 hrs

o	Contacted ASSETT group about proposal for porting PhET sims to tablets.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 4.5 hrs

o	Weekly status meeting.
o	Weekly design meeting.
o	Status report.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time -  0 hrs

o	Planning to take Thursday and Friday, March 28th and 29th, as vacation days.