PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 8-8-2013

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
August 8th, 2013

Time period covered: July 18th through August 8th.  This is a three week period, due to a cancelled status meeting and vacation.

Build an Atom (HTML5 version) - 41.0 hrs

o	Reviewed in design meeting.
o	Fixed issues with counts-to-charge problem.
o	Implemented counts-to-mass-number problem.
o	Implemented first cut of all counts-to-symbol problems.
o	Switched to PhetFont.
o	Integrated new icons for all tabs.
o	Made check boxes a bit less eye catching (based on input received during design meeting).
o	Changed layout of reset button and check boxes that control label visibility (based on input received during design meeting).
o	Fixed issue where "Model" control was inconsistent between tabs.
o	Updated scale image for better cross-browser look.
o	Fixed issue where charges could go out of accordion box.
o	Worked with JO on performance improvements.
o	Made stability unchecked by default, and made the stability check box also control the animation.
o	Fixed issue where particles that are "on the move" weren't being reset.
o	Worked - a lot - on 'long pause' bug.
o	Optimized nucleus layering algorithm for better iPad performance.
o	Published several release candidates for testing.
o	Added analytics.
o	Published version 1.0.0 to the main server (Figaro).

Molarity (HTML5 version) - 1.5 hrs

o	Code review.

Balancing Act (HTML5 version) - 1.0 hrs

o	Reviewed design in design meeting.

Ohm's Law (HTML5 version) - 1.5 hrs

o	Reviewed, entered issues in GitHub.
o	Worked on publishing a new version with Scenery and Joist.

Gravity Force Labs (HTML5 version) - 3.0 hrs

o	Reviewed and logged issues in GitHub.
o	Published to dev for review.

Wave on a String (HTML5 version) - 1.5 hrs

o	Sent spec off to MLL.

Balancing Act (Java version) - 1.5 hrs

o	Tested in order to verify that none of the changes for Stanford had crept into the main sim, then redeployed in order to update preferred font information.

Lac Operon (Java version) - 1.0 hrs

o	Looked at more scaffolded version created by outside vendor.

HTML5 Startup: Process Development - 5.0 hrs

o	Weekly developer meetings and collaboration (x2).

Teach Site - 22.0 hrs

o	Met with CU Office of Information Technology (OIT) to discuss their managed services.
o	Modified RFP based on OIT information.
o	Several rounds of modify, circulated, and incorporate comments from others.
o	Held a review meeting with KP, JO, AP, & SR.

Logo Review - 1.5 hrs

o	Reviewed logos with Kathy.
o	Participated in email discussion of logo design.

Environment - 1.0 hrs

o	Looked at Adobe Connect with Oliver as a possible Team Viewer replacement.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 15.0 hrs

o	Status report.
o	Weekly team meeting.
o	Yuen-ying's survey.
o	Discussions on sim and PhET philosophy with Ariel, Oliver, and Emily.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 20.0 hrs

o	Moved to British Columbia.
