High Priority:
Add/cleanup tasks:
Build
Build-All
Clean
Run (check for existence, maybe build if out of date (or maybe always build), then run)

Standardize simulations
    (requirements for different parts of the build task (e.g. which strings must be in localization files))
    -visit each sim to standardize        
Phet-specific tasks (deploy, etc) should be moved to a phet-specific build file
    -deploy should probably be here as well

Medium Priority:
Task "build distribution" that prepares a zip file of source, etc. for other developers to download
Cleanup sourceforge deploy files
Add task to build all simulations quickly (less duplication of work)
Build task for gathering up all localization files for a project? (not in build.xml)
Statistics could include coverage for localization.

Low Priority:
Tasks for subversion
    Add tasks to facilitate posting on the main site?
Version management
Add tasks to automatically manage and use revision numbers. (integrate with statistics task)
GUI for build process (display statistics, allow edit of simulation version (or title, etc), view simulations, build, launch, post simulations)?

Questions:
Should jnlp and jar files be checked in to subversion?
    No, should be left out.
Should any build features be written outside of the ant task interface?
    Not necessary in build.xml, ok to leave as java or ant task.
What is our timeline for per-simulation bitrock installer builders?  How will this relate to the build process?
    There should be a "build installer" task.
Should build-all tasks work on a single project at a time or a single phase at a time?
    Deploy to server should all be done as a batch (so outputs can be verified)
Should properties be defined in build.xml or java files?
    If properties are specific to java files only (no reference in build.xml), and are not meant to be user-configurable.

Should assumptions about default values be encoded in build.xml or java implementation of tasks?
