Model description for Sugar and Salt Solutions
Sam Reid 6-28-2011

Macro Tab:

When salt is shaken out the shaker, each grain contains 0.2 grams.  Each sugar grain contains 0.4 grams of sugar.  The molar masses are given below:

salt molar mass = 58.4425 g/mol
sugar molar mass = 342.23134 g/mol

Displaced volume due to dissolved solutes is ignored in the simulation; it is a small value, but would be non-negligible if we chose to model it.

The conductivity tester brightness is a function of salt concentration, whether the probes are touching saline solution and whether the
conductivity tester is shorted out by having the battery or bulb touch water.

Micro Tab:

Salt:
Definition of saturation:
When either Na+ or Cl- is above the saturation point 6.14 mol/L the solution is considered saturated.
When the water level drops below the threshold 0.03E-23 L, the solution is also considered saturated since this corresponds to just 10 molecules of H2O

When saturated:
When saturated, an Na+ and Cl- ion will move toward each other at high speed and form a two particle crystal.
While the solution remains saturated, more particles will connect to the existing crystal, and there is some small probability of forming a new crystal.
Particles that match the minority type on the crystal will connect first, in order to maintain ionic balance in the crystal
Once there are two crystals, the probability of forming new crystals diminishes significantly.
Crystallization events can only happen every 0.1 seconds to prevent jumpy behavior (unless below water threshold, then events can happen instantly to avoid "lining up" behavior)

When unsaturated:
While the solution is unsaturated, the crystal will dissolve, by dropping the majority particle type in the crystal to maintain ionic balance.

Other crystals follow the same behavior according to the formula ratios.

Water Tab:

Water is modeled using the 3-site model described here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Water_model but ignoring the Lennard-Jones terms
Note that this is a 2-dimensional model, all particles and interactions take place in the plane
+1/-1 point charges are put on each of the hydrogen/oxygen atoms in Sucrose
Na+ and Cl- have charges of +1/-1
Box2d is used to model the rigid body physics + coulomb interactions
Run the development version and show the developer controls to show all model parameters