PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
April 19th, 2012

Time period covered: April 5th through April 18th.  This is a two week period due to cancellation of the regular weekly meeting.

Energy Forms and Changes - 38.0 hrs

o	Participated in review during Physics meeting (x2).
o	Created the burners and added them to the model and canvas.
o	Added blocks to model and canvas (including 3D projection).
o	Added beaker to model and canvas.
o	Got stacking of objects working (in collaboration with Sam).
o	Got stacked movement working.
o	Got water displacement working.
o	Fixed some issues with dropping objects - making them always land in a good place, and over the object that they are closest to.
o	Added handling for removal of blocks from the beaker when they are immersed in the water.
o	Adjusted sizes of blocks a beaker as well as the amount of water displacement to make both blocks fit and be totally immersed without overflowing the beaker.
o	Added Z-order handling.

Gene Expression - 10.0 hrs

o	Discussed some possible changes to the tab order with Mike K, Ariel P, and Kathy P.
o	Made the 3rd protein shaped more like real Green Fluorescent Protein.
o	Added a faded version of the biomolecules to the tool box when one is created to act as a legend.
o	Added a parameter and control to the Multiple Cells tab to give the user control over the mRNA destroyer level.
o	Investigated having a 2nd graph on the Multiple Cells tab that represents the mRNA level.

States of Matter - 3.0 hrs

o	Participated in review during Physics meeting.
o	Met with Paul Beale to discuss phase diagram behavior.
o	Cleaned up some leftover code in the stove node left over after creating "Basics" version of this sim.

Nuclear Physics - 2.0 hrs

o	Published to dev for testing, tested and had Noah P test, published updated version to production server.
o	Published to dev again for testing due to issue with running on Java 5 JREs, tested, requested testing by Noah P.

Fractions - 1.0 hrs

o	Participated in review during Physics meeting (x2).

Line Graphing - 0.5 hrs

o	Participated in review during Physics meeting.

Customer Support - 2.0 hrs

o	Responded to a user with a question/issue about Balancing Act.
o	Helped a customer who wanted to create a version of Nuclear Physics that started on the 3rd tab.

Common Code - 2.5 hrs

o	Made the HeaterCoolerNode a common component, since it is now used in EFAC in addition to SOM.
o	Verified issue with JComboBox on Macs (see #705)
o	Fixed an issue with ObservableList that Chris M noticed when inspecting the code, regression tested sims that used it.
o	Verified an issue relating to inefficiency in some widely used common classes, see #3309.

Sim Sharing - 2.0 hrs

o	Finished working with CU IT on getting firewall exceptions set up for new server, see #3297.

Installer - 1.0 hrs

o	Upgraded the version of Java bundled with the installer to be the latest Java SE 6 update.

Tablet Investigation - 2.0 hrs

o	Supported Kathy P on using Masses & Springs to demo HTML5 version to people at meeting.

Miscellaneous - 2.0 hrs

o	Discussion with a middle school teacher that stopped by my office.
o	Discussion on use of tablets in classrooms with Julia C.
o	Got a tour from Sam R of the Functional Scene Graph that he is creating.

Professional Development - 1.0 hrs

o	Attended colloquium on 4/19/2012.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 10.0 hrs

o	Weekly status meeting.
o	Weekly status report.
o	Review, prioritization, and updating of Unfuddle issues.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation and Holidays - 0 hrs

o	May be out next Wednesday.
