PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 6-27-2012

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
June 27th, 2012

Time period covered: June 21st through June 26th (this period consists of 4 work days instead of the usual 5 due to a switch of the team meeting time).

Energy Forms and Changes - 22.0 hrs

o	Got clipping working so that energy chunks in the water appear to be occluded by blocks in the water.
o	Discussed an alternative representation of energy with the team (the "infrared goggles" view).  Decided against primarily because it presents heat, not energy.
o	Implemented the "sticky thermometer" that tracks the movable thermal model elements.
o	Changed captions for the speed control.
o	Moved some of the 3D projection information into the model for simplification of some model behavior.
o	Made changes to the energy chunk exchange behavior that causes the chunks exchanged between the beaker liquid and anything immersed in the liquid to remain visible.
o	Prevented  energy exchange between a system of thermal containers (i.e. containers that are interacting) and air until the temperature difference between elements of the system reaches a threshold.
o	Fixed an issue where a block inside the beaker on the burner would not be able to get the energy chunks that it needs.

Gene Expression Basics - 1.5 hrs

o	Worked with Ariel P and Trish L to change wording of the caption for the "Real Cells" dialog.

Fractions - 0.25 hrs

o	Reviewed in Physics meeting.

Plate Tectonics - 0.25 hrs

o	Reviewed in Physics meeting.

Build a Function - 0.5 hrs

o	Brainstormed various ways to interconnect functions with Sam R over Skype and Teamviewer.

Fraction Matcher - 0.25 hrs

o	Initial planning and preparation for code review.

Environment - 1.0 hrs

o	Added my input to and edited PhET's response to a questionnaire from Unfuddle about how we use their system.  The hope is that it may be a chance to get some things improved.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 5.0 hrs

o	Weekly status meeting.
o	Weekly status report.
o	Logged May hours in tracking spreadsheet.
o	Review, prioritization, and updating of Unfuddle issues.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation and Holidays - 8 hrs

o	Took Friday, June 22nd as a vacation day.
