PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
April 26th, 2012

Time period covered: April 19th through April 25th.

Gene Expression - 17.0 hrs

o	Reviewed during physics meeting.
o	Worked with people who are in the know about licensing to determine how to license image of E. Coli expressing green fluorescent protein.
o	Tested snap-to behavior for transcription factors, discussed with Ariel P, decided to leave as is for now.
o	Centered the slider for number of cells on the 3rd tab, repositioned cells to avoid overlap.
o	Grouped controls on the third tab into collapsible control panels.
o	Changed the layout of the third tab to make it work with new arrangement for parameter controllers.
o	Looked into adding parameters for negative transcription factors to the multi-cell model.  George E says, "It wouldn't be too hard."
o	Integrated what is hopefully the final image of E. Coli expressing GFP into the 3rd tab.
o	Changed the wording of several of the parameter panels.
o	Spent some time on code cleanup.
o	Reviewed with Ariel P.

Energy Forms and Changes - 7.0 hrs

o	Participated in review during Physics meeting.
o	Created the initial versions of the thermometers and made them draggable.
o	Added texture to the brick.
o	Fixed issue with dropping beaker above blocks that are on the burner.
o	Worked with Noah P on the appearance of the thermometers and the brick, since these involve graphics images.
o	Started working on motion limits for movable model elements.

Beer's Law - 1.5 hrs

o	Modified the units used in the control that selects the solution on the 2nd tab, published to dev.  This was requested by Julia C for interviews.

States of Matter - 2.0 hrs

o	Published version with latest common code for review by the team.
o	Published to the production server, or at least tried.  Something appears to have gone wrong with this, and JO is investigating.

Fractions - 0.5 hrs

o	Participated in review during Physics meeting.

Line Graphing - 0.5 hrs

o	Participated in review during Physics meeting.

Balancing Act - 0.5 hrs

o	Updated ticket where user reports an issue, see #3308.

Common Code - 4.0 hrs

o	Worked on supporting different knob shapes on Piccolo-based sliders.

Environment - 1.0 hrs

o	Wrote up some thoughts on functional programming for Kathy P.

Web Site - 1.0 hrs

o	Worked with JO to restart Tomcat when the site became unresponsive on Wed April 25 at around 2:30 pm.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 5.0 hrs

o	Weekly status meeting.
o	Weekly status report.
o	Review, prioritization, and updating of Unfuddle issues.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation and Holidays - 0 hrs

o	Nothing on the immediate horizon.
