PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
May 23rd, 2012

Time period covered: May 10th through May 22nd.  This is 9 week days due to a cancelled meeting and a change to the meeting schedule.

Energy Forms and Changes - 32.5 hrs

o	Added representation of energy.
o	Got energy chunks to be associated with thermal model elements.
o	Made thermometers be in back of tool box when in tool box, in front of objects when out.
o	Made visibility of energy chunks work.
o	Implemented initial version of model for transfer of energy between thermal model elements.
o	Added energy to all thermal objects for room temperature.
o	Got the thermometers working.
o	Reduced the size of the triangle on the thermometers (suggested at last group meeting).
o	Got energy transfer working between burners, blocks, and beaker.
o	Worked on algorithm for adding, removing, and distributing the energy chunks.

Gene Expression - 8.0 hrs

o	Cleaned up most TODOs in the code.
o	Various pre-release testing.

Beers Law - 3.0 hrs

o	Performed code review.
o	Verified bug related to fluid coming out of the drain when beaker is empty, see #3330.

Fractions - 0.5 hrs

o	Discussed in Physics Meeting.

Line Graphing - 0.5 hrs

o	Discussed in Physics Meeting.

Functions - 0.5 hrs

o	Discussed in Physics Meeting.

Common Code - 2.5 hrs

o	Changed slider knob in common sliders to be pointy.
o	Cleaned up forked slider knob code.
o	Fixed issue with gradient on new pointy knob.
o	Verified #3277, released to data collection from the WavelengthControl.

Installers - 8.0 hrs

o	Created a version of the installer builder that creates a multi-language installer (in collaboration with JO), see #3331.

Environment - 1.5 hrs

o	Got VPN working from my home (had previously been an issue, required support from CU IT).
o	Worked on getting sudo privileges for JO on Simian.

Miscellaneous - 1.0 hrs

o	Reviewed and provided feedback on video about using PhET in conjunction with clickers.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 11.0 hrs

o	Weekly status meeting.
o	Weekly status report.
o	Logged hours in tracking spreadsheet.
o	Review, prioritization, and updating of Unfuddle issues.  Did a bunch of this.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation and Holidays - 3 hrs

o	Took 3 hrs on 5/11/2012.
