PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 10-04-2012

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
October 4th, 2012

Time period covered: September 20th through October 3rd.  This is a two week period due to a cancelled status meeting.

Energy Forms and Changes - 22.0 hrs

o	Hooked up energy chunk visibility to check box.
o	Made E's emitted by sun bounce off the clouds.
o	Made solar panel deactivate and pass sun rays when swapped out.
o	Added energy chunks to the water when running from faucet.
o	Animated the falling of the water from the faucet.
o	Improved layering of nodes so that energy chunks are occluded in some places (such as behind connectors).
o	Added first cut of energy chunk handling to beaker heater.
o	Made energy chunks flow through the water-powered generator.
o	Added a 3rd thermometer to the first tab.
o	Met with Noah P to review and discuss energy chunk behavior.
o	Published several versions for review.

Greenhouse - 1.0 hrs

o	Responded to further questions from Sara Harris of UBC about the nature of the model.

Gene Expression Basics - 1.0 hrs

o	Discussed the Sim Completion Checklist with Ariel P.

Forces and Motion Basics - 3.0 hrs

o	Tested and commented on pre-release versions.
o	Code review.

Tablet Investigation - 38.0 hrs

o	Wrote up initial version of Technical Specification for Masses and Springs project in HTML5.
o	Worked with JO to get Competentum the source code for Masses and Springs.
o	Research Safari 5 and 6 with respect to HTML5 compatibility.
o	Set up and had introductory conversation with Jeff Lin and Paul Cantrell of Bust Out Solutions.
o	Let Victory Productions and Projective Labs know that we are working with other vendors.
o	Worked (with Kathy P, Oliver N, and CU administration) on refining contract for agreement with Competentum for porting of Masses and Springs.
o	Contacted ASSETT office about possible support for porting of sims to HTML5.
o	Worked with Sam R to provide Google with the information needed from PhET for setting up an OER Developer Conference.
o	Multiple email exchanges with vendors about rates, terms, working relationships.
o	Met with Kathy P to discuss and plan short-term HTML5 development plan.
o	Started ball rolling with pilot efforts with Bust Out Solutions and Quick Left.

Customer Support - 1.0 hrs

o	Helped a high school teacher who needed to download latest simulations for their school.
o	Sent a message to the Oregon Virtual School District folks about new simulations being available, and reminding them about the availability of meta-data from our web site.

Miscellaneous - 1.0 hrs

o	Responded to Anne Gold about a possible collaboration with Ceres.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 9.0 hrs

o	Weekly status meeting.
o	Status report.
o	Checked that SVN mirror on phet-server is working and up to date.
o	Normal Unfuddle ticket overhead.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation and Holidays -  0 hrs

o	Will be out on Friday, October 19th.
