PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 6-21-2012

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
June 21st, 2012

Time period covered: June 7th through June 20th (this is a two week period due to cancellation of June 14th meeting).

Energy Forms and Changes - 55.0 hrs

o	Implemented 3D chunk depiction.
o	Removed ambient energy chunks from air.
o	Implemented new energy and energy chunk exchange.
o	Movable model elements now exchange energy chunks with the air.
o	Made energy chunks less jittery when densely packed in the beaker.
o	Integrated new thermometers.
o	Changed caption.
o	Unique transfer constants for brick and iron.
o	Animated flame/ice turning off when limits reached.
o	Made the energy chunks wander more when moving in the air.
o	Added back lines for cubes.

Gene Expression Basics - 5.0 hrs

o	Tested, fixed a missing string.
o	Published a version for interviews.
o	Fixed an issue where the polymerase would fade while on DNA strand on 2nd tab.
o	Made the mRNA on the 2nd tab wander far enough to probably be off the screen before fading out.

Beer's Law Lab - 4.0 hrs

o	Moderated postmortem, logged resulting issues in Unfuddle, wrote up the notes and logged in Unfuddle notebook.

Fractions - 1.5 hrs

o	Discussed features with Sam (he had requested input).
o	Reviewed in Physics meeting.

Line Graphing - 0.25 hrs

o	Reviewed in Physics meeting.

Plate Tectonics - 0.25 hrs

o	Reviewed in Physics meeting.

Common Code - 1.5 hrs

o	Added changes to rendering hints for OutlinePText, updated associated Unfuddle ticket.

Customer Support - 0.5 hrs

o	Read through an issue on phase diagram on SOM, decided to have it presented in weekly meeting.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 10.0 hrs

o	Weekly status meeting.
o	Weekly status report.
o	Logged May hours in tracking spreadsheet.
o	Review, prioritization, and updating of Unfuddle issues.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation and Holidays - 0 hrs

o	Will be taking vacation from Friday June 29th through Friday July 6th.
