PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 10-25-2012

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
October 25th, 2012

Time period covered: October 11th through October 24th.  This is a two week period due to a cancelled meeting.

Energy Forms and Changes - 18.0 hrs

o	Finished initial implementation of girl emitting energy chunks.
o	Integrated new wheel and hub supplied by Noah P.
o	Removed texture from wheel.
o	Removed fast forward from 2nd tab.
o	Integrated additional leg images for smoother animation.
o	Fixed issue where multiple legs could appear on the biker.
o	Removed the ability to cool the tea pot.
o	Worked with NP on a couple of issues related to the graphics for the biker.
o	Made the fluorescent light be transparent when light chunks are coming through.
o	Made energy chunks for biker change from chemical to mechanical at top tube of bike.
o	Made the biker run out of energy.
o	Improved path for energy chunks on biker.
o	Make the biker move right away whenever the motion is started up.
o	Reviewed with Noah P.
o	Made slow down of biker match the energy dissipation.

Tablet Investigation - 29.0 hrs

o	Meeting with Kathy P to work through final details of contracts with BOS and QL.
o	Worked out Statements of Work for Quick Left and Bust Out Solutions, worked with Oliver to incorporate into PO agreement.
o	Worked with Jeff Lin of BOS to get work started with them.
o	Worked with Ingrid and Sam of Quick Left to get work started with them.
o	Set up HTML5 project for Build an Atom.
o	Pair programmed with Sam Breed test set up Build an Atom using current "best practices" for modular JavaScript.
o	Studied JavaScript & CSS.
o	Worked on Sole Source Justifications with Oliver.
o	Status meeting with Competentum to discuss progress, issues, and next steps.
o	Send Software Agreement to Competentum for incorporation into the HTML5 M&S simulation.
o	Responded to some people who contacted us from Norway who are interested in HTML5 versions of the simulations.
o	Collaborated with Sam R on "centered stage" strategy for use in HTML5 version of Energy Skate Park Basics (and hopefully all HTML5-based PhET simulations).
o	Collaborated with Sam R on starting to use CAAT with HTML5 version of Build an Atom.

Customer Support - 2.0 hrs

o	Investigated an issue where simulation appearance can get corrupted when used in conjunction with PowerPoint on a Mac (brought to our attention by Steve Pollack).
o	Answered some questions for Pearson about changing JNLP files to UTF-8.

Installers - 9.0 hrs

o	Integrated updated version of BitRock InstallBuilder into the main "build space" and tested.  Tests succeeded.
o	Worked on getting the HTTrack ripper updated to see if it will solve issue with URLs to file names with non-Latin characters.
o	Updated related tickets, see #3453, #3461, #3467.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 10.5 hrs

o	Weekly status meeting.
o	Status report.
o	Normal Unfuddle ticket overhead.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time -  10.5 hrs

o	Out on Friday, October 19th.
