Itemized response below:

> 1. View angle slider should have labels "top" and "side" and
> snap to one or the other when released.  No numbers on this control.
	So will you be able to see the wave during rotation, or will there
still be just an outlined box? Either way, I think #1 is good.

> 2. In side view, drops should disappear completely instead of
> incrementally.
I'm not sure I know what this means, but it's probably fine. There is an
issue of WHEN the drops disappear, and whether the drop creates a crest or a
trough. I actually don't know the answer to this (although I am guessing it
creates a trough). I'll look for some info on this.

> 3. Barriers in the play area should be draggable.
Definitely. I like things that are draggable, because I always try to drag
everything and I get really mad when I can't.

> 4. When a barrier is present, it should be shown in side view
> as behind the wave.
That sounds like a good solution. Which brings up a question: are the top
view and side views actually the same calculation, rotated with java 3D (or
whatever), or is the side view a completely different piece of code?

> 5. Show a dotted gray line on intermediate rotation graphic
> to signify the cross section.
Someone will have to explain this to me in more detail.

> 6. Could show intensity on detectors instead of displacement
> (ask Noah P)
I think that the detectors should always show the wave amplitude, not
intensity (so height, pressure, or E-field). Unless there is a compelling
reason to show intensity, but I can't think of one.

>7. Faucets should be draggable.
Yes. (see #3)

> 8. In particle mode, there should be a smaller number of red
> particles.
I agree. Basically, it should be obvious from following a red particle that
it is moving back and forth. If two red particles collide and then move
apart, it can look like one of them is flying off to infinity. Also, the red
particles might need to be a little lighter color to really set them off
from the blue.

> 9. In the speaker panel, the speaker cone should move (see
> Ron for graphics).
Agree.

> 10. For the photon panel, users should be able to view with
> or without arrow vectors.
Agree.

> 11. Should be able to view sound waves from the side.
Not sure what this woule mean. A sinewave view? Or just rotating the wave to
see that it looks the same at all rotation angles? Rotating the sound to a
sinewave is probably bad, since the analogy from water waves (wave goes
up/down) is already problematic. It might be OK to be able to choose the
ripples or sinewave representation, but not make this a "rotation."

> 12. Photon vectors should not have their tail fixed at E=0,
> but their middle, so students don't confuse "y" with "E"
We'll see what happens from the Radio Wave interviews on this. Sounds fine
for now, though.

Other comments:
- When you rotate the wave in water, the faucet doesn't rotate. Not sure how
important this is.

- When you put up a barrier in sound, the particles to the right of the
barrier don't go through (this is correct), but the particles on the left of
the barrier penetrate the barrier. I suspect that there is a boundary
condition on the right side, but not the left?

- Barriers could be a bit thinner so they don't take up so much room in the
"pool".

-Can the pool be larger (it only takes up ~1/2 of the play area on my
screen)?


-It says "one drip/two drips" on each panel. Should say
drips/speakers/lasers (or whatever we end up using for light).

-Same goes for detectors - should be height/pressure/E-field

- Issue with the light source. I'm not crazy about the laser gun, but I
don't think a flashlight is physically correct either (you need coherent
light to get interference). The way this is actually done (I think) is to
shine a laser through a single slit (or pinhole) and make the light
diffract, creating circular wavefronts. Also a problem of scale, since the
light should be ~500nm.  Maybe none of this matters, but it's something I
noticed and should be solved if there is an easy solution.

That's all I found for now. I'll drop more bombs as I find them.

Noah P.

A couple more things:

It would be nice to have some sort of bobber or something that you could put
in the water so that you can see that the wave moves, but the water itself
doesn't (actually, it goes in circles). Not a high priority, but this is a
nice point that the air particles make in sound that is lacking in water.

I just asked my girlfriend (not a physicist) about the light wave, and she
said that she thought the light wave was all one color (e.g. red), but that
the light and dark just meant high and low points in the wave (not different
colors). She also figured out that light red was high, dark red was low, and
medium red was zero (refering to the side view). Further, I asked her what
she would see with the light turned off (so that the whole screen was medium
red) and she said she would see nothing. She also thought that black was no
light. So basically, she put together these inconsistent representations and
figured out what was going on...so maybe this solution is not as bad as it
seems. She also said she wouldn't like it as much if the light was just
shades of grey (like sound).

Noah P.