PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 3-21-2013

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
March 21st, 2013

Time period covered: March 14th through March 20th.

Energy Forms and Changes - 28.0 hrs

o	Finished fix for energy chunks going into buckets when close and cooling is turned off.
o	Added boundaries for the burners.
o	Fixed several issues where blocks and beakers could be dragged through each other in some circumstances.
o	Fixed issue with interaction between steam area above the beaker and the thermometers.
o	Made lights produce light and beaker heat up only when energy chunks are in appropriate locations when in mode where energy chunks are visible.
o	Made the energy chunks "pre-load" into the energy system elements when they are turned on and hadn't already fully propagated through the system.
o	Reviewed changes with Noah P.
o	Fixed some visual "glitches" with the beakers and the sun that could be seen at startup.
o	Fixed issue where cloudiness of sun energy source was not reset upon a Reset All.
o	Fixed "rain of E's" issue that occurred when cooling the air.
o	Fixed buildup of electrical E's on the solar panel that could occur in some situations.
o	Made the light bulbs emit an occasional thermal energy chunk.
o	Published several versions for use in interviews.

HTML5 Startup - Process Development - 1.0 hrs

o	Weekly developer meeting to discuss issues and processes.

Ohm's Law (HTML5 version) - 3.0 hr

o	Provided detailed feedback to MLL.
o	Responded to questions from MLL sent via email and a Google doc spreadsheet.
o	Sent revised drawing to Dmitry, including explanations of several changes.
o	Added design drawing to GitHub.

Resistance in a Wire (HTML5 version) - 1.0 hr

o	Tested .bind function on iPad 2, since MLL had reported some issues in using it.
o	Requested and obtained updated drawing from Ariel P.

Build an Atom (Java Version) - 2.0 hrs

o	Attended presentation by Emily M on research based on this simulation.
o	Discussed plans for testing with Emily M.
o	Started adding button to reset the atom.

Build an Atom (HTML5 version) - 0.5 hrs

o	Discussed time frame for the revised design spec with Emily M.

John Travoltage - 0.5 hrs

o	Discussed mods for HTML5 version during design meeting.

Balloons and Static Electricity - 0.25 hrs

o	Provided feedback on sweater art work from graphic artist.

Environment - 0.5 hr

o	Worked on getting Apache running as a service under Windows 7 that can be manually started and stopped.

Fundraising - 1.0 hrs

o	Modified previously submitted ASSETT proposal based on their feedback, resubmitted.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 3.75 hrs

o	Weekly status meeting.
o	Logged January hours.
o	Status report.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time -  0 hrs

o	Planning to take next Thursday and Friday, March 28th and 29th, as vacation days.