PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 3-7-2013

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
March 7th, 2013

Time period covered: February 28th through March 6th.

HTML5 Startup - Example Simulation - 3.0 hrs

o	Worked on getting the "grunt" build process to produce minified files that load and run.
o	Improved the look and behavior of the buttons on the control panel.

HTML5 Startup - Mobile Learner Lab - 2.0 hrs

o	Finished working on contract (with Oliver and Kathy) and sent to Dmitry.  It is now signed.

HTML5 Startup - Ohm's Law - 1.5 hrs

o	Reviewed initial commits to Ohm's Law, provided feedback.
o	Tested Ohm's Law, provided feedback.

HTML5 Startup - Resistance in a Wire - 0.5 hrs

o	Quick look at initial submission of code.

HTML5 Startup - Process Development - 4.0 hrs

o	Meeting on how to collaborate better, improve information flow between developers.
o	Write up and send out notes from latest Sam B collaboration.
o	Discuss updating contract with Quick Left with Oliver N and Kathy P.
o	Set up meeting with Sam B to train developers on effective use of Chrome Developer Tools.
o	Read through HTML5 strategic plan and added comments.

HTML5 Startup - Build an Atom - 5.0 hrs

o	Cleaned up version on GitHub to meet current structure guidelines, got it working.
o	Started migration to Scenery from Easel.

HTML5 Startup - Common Code - 1.5 hrs

o	Fixed issue with BooleanProperty and Inheritance.

Energy Forms and Changes - 12.5 hrs

o	Reviewed and prioritized to do list with Noah P.
o	Fixed: Allow water temp to reach boiling on thermometer (2nd highest tick).
o	Fixed: Reset on 2nd tab should eliminate the steam right away (if the beaker is steaming).
o	Fixed issue where energy chunks can get stuck on generator (dotted line ones)
o	Made energy chunks not cluster at output of steam pot.
o	Made energy chunks not clump on solar panel.
o	Made the direction of energy chunks from the sun a little less random.
o	Removed ice permanently.
o	Worked on jittery E's.

Circuit Construction Kit - 0.5 hrs

o	Followed up with Ido Roll about how CCK work was going.  He responded that all was working well.
o	Updated and closed ticket, see #3497.

Build an Atom (Java Version) - 1.0 hrs

o	Discussed at design meeting, heard Emily Moore's presentation about findings with this.

Customer Support - 0.5 hrs

o	Pinged the Oregon Virtual School District to see if they need any support.

Environment - 1.0 hrs

o	Upgrade to version 12 of IntelliJ.
o	Worked on Cygwin and Git Bash configuration files to better support command line Git commands.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 4.0 hrs

o	Weekly status meeting.
o	Weekly design meeting.
o	Status report.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time -  3.0 hrs

o	Took vacation on Wednesday, March 6th, to attend funeral and reception.