PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 02-13-2014

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
February 13th, 2014

Time period covered: February 6th through February 12th.

Balancing Act - 6.0 hrs

o	Tested, fixed a number of minor bugs with layout and other UI behavior.
o	Qualified performance on Firefox and iPad 2, found it in need of optimizations.
o	Refactored plank and other rotating elements to work in a way that is more compatible with Scenery.

Under Pressure - 1.4 hrs

o	Published latest version, reviewed, reopened two tickets.

Acid-Base Solutions - 4.0 hrs

o	Worked with Chris M to make sure that MLL has all the artwork needed.
o	Published first dev version.
o	Fixed a layout issue.
o	Investigated, but have not yet resolved, an issue with startup time.
o	Integrated new icons from Bryce.

Arithmetic - 4.0 hrs

o	Finished initial review of spec.
o	Added 'Implementation Details' section to spec.
o	Sent off to MLL for a quote.

Common Code - 3.0 hrs

o	Improved gradients on the prototype buttons.
o	Created prototype 'Return to Level' button.
o	Published button 'sim' and distributed link to reviewers.
o	Added new 'grimace' expression to FaceNode.
o	Discussed adding test app to Sun for testing and demonstrating UI components.

HTML5 Process Development - 3.0 hrs

o	Developer meetings (2).

Installer - 3.0 hrs

o	Finished integrating new logo.
o	Tested to verify that it still works with web site modifications.
o	Built Chinese version.

Interviews - 2.0 hrs

o	Participated in informal interview of and discussion of Dave Schmitz.

Working Group Meeting Prep - 2.0 hrs

o	Reviewed NGSS documents send out by KP.
o	Looked through list of attendees.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 3.5 hrs

o	Weekly status report.
o	Weekly team meeting.
o	Worked on planning travel to Boulder for upcoming meeting.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 8.0 hrs

o	Took Monday, Feb 10th as a vacation day.
o	Will be traveling next Thursday and will miss meetings.
