PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 01-16-2014

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
January 16th, 2014

Time period covered: January 9th through January 15th.

Balancing Act - 12.0 hrs

o	Requested (from Sharon) and have integrated improved game icons.
o	Published dev version with working 'Start Game Level' screen, all challenges stubbed.
o	Got 'Level Completed' node integrated into game and working.
o	Implemented game infrastructure and basic functionality of the 'Balance Masses' challenge.

Under Pressure - 6.0 hrs

o	Reviewed functionality and logged a number of issues in GitHub, all of which have been addressed.
o	Worked with Bryce G on getting the Mystery Pool behavior described in the spec.

Acid-Base Solutions - 1.0 hrs

o	Updated the spec to include information about ignoring prototype and test packages as well as sim sharing code.
o	Discussed via email with Dmitry the importance of this simulation's early February deadline.

Common Code - 1.0 hrs

o	Removed unneeded dependencies from all simulations that I wrote, am writing, or was MLL liaison for.

HTML5 Process Development - 3.0 hrs

o	Developer meeting (x2), much of discussion was around upcoming Foundations and Prioritization meeting.

Installer - 5.0 hrs

o	Worked on incorporating newest logos.
o	Diagnosed an issue where simulations won't run due to new Java security changes.
o	Worked with Jonathan O to plan a fix for issues with new Java version, expect to have fixed by tomorrow.

MLL Management - 2.0 hrs

o	Informed them about changes to jshint.
o	Requested (via email) a process improvement where they do more internal testing and comparison with the spec before supplying it to us for testing.

Build and Deployment Tools (Java) - 5.0 hrs

o	Obtained the new code signing certificate, tested it, worked with Jonathan O to get it integrated into the build and deploy processes.
o	Collaborated with other developers to implement and test changes to the build and deploy process needed for both the security update and the new code signing certificate.

Customer Support - 0.5 hrs

o	Exchanged emails with Pearson to make sure that they were aware of Java security changes and to let them know when our re-formatted and re-signed sims were ready for download.

Interviews - 4.0 hrs

o	Participated in review of Ryan Palmer, provided feedback to KP.

Environment - 0.5 hrs

o	Logged a request for a firewall exception that would allow SSH access to Figaro from outside CU.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 4.0 hrs

o	Weekly status report.
o	Weekly team meeting.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 0.0 hrs

o	We be partially out on Wed Jan 29th.
