PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 11-20-2014

PhET Progress Report
John Blanco
November 20th, 2014

Time period covered: November 13th through November 19th.

Arithmetic HTML5 - 8.0 hrs

o  Added sliding screen transitions.
o  Added initial cut at animation for answers (from equation to the multiplication table).

Neuron HTML5 - 5.0 hrs

o  Followed up on several issues initially identified by Ashraf.
o  Investigated an issue with opacity of the ions during playback.
o  Logged issue on behavior of concentration indicators.

Least Squares Regression - 3.0 hrs

o  Published a version for review.
o  Worked with Martin on design and implementation.

Installers - 10.0 hrs

o  Built a version that includes simplified Chinese, sent to the user that requested it.
o  Got node installed on figaro and figaro-dev.
o  Set up the ripper program (HTTrack) to run on Windows.
o  Continued the port to JavaScript, got to where it can do basic web site rips.

Data Collection - 2.5 hrs

o  Worked with Oliver to investigate using Amazon or Google to host a data collection server, met with Amazon reps to discuss.

Sonification - 2.5 hrs

o  Discussed with Ariel.
o  Met with Colin Clark and Ariel Paul to discuss some prototyping and planning.
o  Sent Colin thoughts about how and where to insert sonification into Faraday's Law sim.
o  Discussed CLA for Colin with Sam and Ariel.

Translation - 1.5 hrs

o  Weekly meeting, continued discussion of requirements and design.

Environment - 0.5 hrs

o  Shut down phet-server.

Miscellaneous - 1.0 hrs

o  Looked at simulations developed by Chris Bruce of Nerd Island Studios.  He is asking if we could use some help.

Developer Meetings - 2.0 hrs

o  Developer meeting (x2).

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 4.0 hrs

o  Weekly status report.
o  Weekly status meeting.
o  Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 0 hrs

o  Will be out next Wednesday, Nov 26th.
