PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 03-20-2014

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
March 20th, 2014

Time period covered: February 27th through March 19th.  This is a three week period due to canceled status meetings.

Balancing Act - 24.0 hrs

o	Finished adding other non-decimal-denominated masses.
o	Added credits.
o	Cleaned up TODOs in the code.
o	Did initial round of multi-platform testing.
o	Fixed an issue where background screen would go white on game screen on IE11.
o	Fixed an issue with initial motion of level selection buttons.
o	Revised artwork so that none of the masses are scaled to the point that they don't look good.
o	Fixed an issue where game challenges weren't very random after several rounds of the game.
o	Set up code review (thanks, JO).
o	Addressed code review issues, almost complete.

Under Pressure - 4.0 hrs

o	Improved fix for limiting motion of movable elements, gave guidance to MLL.
o	Published a new release candidate, 1.0.0-rc.2.
o	Gave MLL the go-ahead to invoice for this sim.

Acid-Base Solutions - 5.0 hrs

o	Worked with CM to categorize tickets and give MLL direction on how to address them.
o	Reviewed and provided feedback to MLL on some ticket solutions.
o	Had several discussions on how to get this sim into a state where CM can take over and start making the UI changes.

Arithmetic - 2.5 hrs

o	Set up GitHub repository and basic project structure, let MLL know that it was ready.

Estimation - 8.0 hrs

o	Finished setup of basic project structure.
o	Created initial "Explore" screen model with basic properties controlled from UI.
o	Created artwork for icons used on "Explore" screen.
o	Added controls for the "Explore" screen.

Balancing Chemical Equations - 2.0 hrs

o	Reviewed spec and provided feedback in preparation for sending to MLL.
o	Sent spec to MLL for quote.  Response received and approved.

Resistance in a Wire - 3.0 hrs

o	Tracked down a report of the simulation not loading in some cases, rebuilt and verified that problem went away.

Common Code - 22.0 hrs

o	Reviewed button appearance in design meeting.
o	Revised button gradients based on feedback.
o	Created a generalized underlying model and inheritance hierarchy for buttons.
o	Revised refresh and return-to-level-select buttons to use new button model.
o	Created versions of the timer and sound toggle buttons based on the new look and model.
o	Generalized kit selection node, moved it to common code (from Balancing Act).
o	Added ability to expand the touch area for the rectangular buttons.
o	Revised the Sun demo to be more organized and present the latest versions of all buttons.

Build Tools - 2.0 hrs

o	Investigated Bower with SR, worked on an easy method for checking out all simulation code and dependencies.

Developer Meetings - 6.0 hrs

o	Developer meetings (4).

MLL Management - 1.0 hrs

o	Sent email about how to property remove listeners from observable arrays.

Sim Integration API - 3.0 hrs

o	Worked with Oliver and Sam to set up a google group for discussing sim integration with other educational resources.
o	Met with Pearson Catalytics to discuss sim integration, wrote up and circulated notes.

Web Site - 3.0 hrs

o	Worked with JO on finalizing and verifying a rip of the site that can be used as a backup.

Interviews - 5.0 hrs

o	Interviewed Amy Rouinfar.
o	Interviewed Amanda McGarry.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 8.0 hrs

o	Weekly status report.
o	Weekly team meeting.
o	DEPA.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 19.0 hrs

o	3 hrs sick time on 3/12
o	2 vacation days

