PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 11-13-2014

PhET Progress Report
John Blanco
November 13th, 2014

Time period covered: November 6th through November 12th.

Neuron HTML5 - 3.0 hrs

o  Continued functional testing and issue logging, as well as code review.
o  Converted strings from Java version.
o  Discussed credits, added first cut.

Balancing Act HTML5 Data Collection - 2.0 hrs

o  Sent final data to Ido.
o  Inquired about next data collection effort, Ido says nothing on immediate horizon.

Isotopes and Atomic Mass - 3.0 hrs

o  Examined Java project structure and made recommendation for how to share code with Build an Atom.
o  Set up repo for common code for these sims.

Least Squares Regression - 5.0 hrs

o  Worked with Martin V. on the design and implementation, good progress made.

Arithmetic - 1.0 hrs

o  Started design of new features.

Common Code - 6.0 hrs

o  Got settable base color reviewed, made some minor final changes.
o  Reviewed accordion box changes.
o  Resolved an issue where sims were unable to play sound on some versions of Firefox.
o  Performed code review for a handful of issues.

Molecules and Light - 1.0 hrs

o  Participated in code review.

Installers - 5.0 hrs

o  Changed code to exclude the Linux installer.
o  Tested weekly build (with Oliver N).
o  Set up a private repo for port of installer builder code from PHP to JavaScript.
o  Started on PHP to JavaScript port.
o  Discussed creating a Chinese installer with Oliver, sounds like we should do it.

Data Collection - 2.0 hrs

o  Logged issue about using different ports.
o  Discussed port translation for data collection with OIT.
o  Discussed future approach to server-side data collection with Ariel, set up ticket to investigate external providers.

Environment - 3.0 hrs

o  Got a replacement video card for phet-server.
o  Pulled out old graphics card, got phet-server up and running again.

Miscellaneous - 1.0 hrs

o  Sent out updated versions of sims to RSC.

Developer Meetings - 2.0 hrs

o  Developer meeting (x2).

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 4.0 hrs

o  Weekly status report.
o  Weekly status meeting.
o  Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 0 hrs

o  Nothing on immediate horizon
