PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 10-23-2014

PhET Progress Report
John Blanco
October 23rd, 2014

Time period covered: October 16th through October 22nd.

Balancing Act HTML5 Data Collection - 9.5 hrs

o  Met with UBC team twice to review versions, discuss modifications, finalize start page prompt text, and run remote testing.
o  Met with Sam to learn about how to set up a launch page for the data collection testing.
o  Modified data collection version to output the elapsed game time at each change of game state.
o  Created the launch page, made it reject 8-digit strings, tested it with UBC team.

Energy Forms and Changes HTML5 - 5.0 hrs

o  Worked with Martin V. on the port of this simulation.

Atomic Interactions HTML5 - 1.0 hrs

o  Modified the spec to better describe the behavior for alternate color schemes, referenced MoleculeShapes as an example.
o  Checked in graphics needed for development.

Isotopes and Atomic Mass - 1.0 hrs

o  Set up repo in GitHub.

Circuit Construction Kit - 0.5 hrs

o  Discussed with Steele, set him up with an Unfuddle account so that he can review existing tickets.

Common Code - 2.0 hrs

o  Fixed some issues with the sizing of the level start buttons (in collaboration with Chris).

Installers - 1.0 hrs

o  Verified that sizes looked good for this week's automated build.
o  Worked on an issue with running of HTML5 simulations from the installed version, not yet resolved.

Translation - 1.0 hrs

o  Meeting to discuss requirements.

Developer Meetings - 2.0 hrs

o  Developer meeting (x2).

Project Management - 3.0 hrs

o  Discussed how to get Neuron as well as Molecules and Light through the final development stages with Ariel and Sam.
o  Looked at port of Wave Interference sim that Kathy P forwarded, discussed with her.
o  Met with Marco and Paola to discuss PhET's development processes.

Environment - 1.0 hrs

o  My computer required some driver and other updates.

Education - 1.0 hrs

o  Attended colloquium on 10/22.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 4.0 hrs

o  Weekly status report.
o  Weekly status meeting.
o  Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 8.0 hrs

o  Took Friday Oct 17th as a sick day.
