PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 8-14-2014

PhET Progress Report
John Blanco
August 14th, 2014

Time period covered: August 7th through August 13th.

Area Builder - 21.5 hrs

o	Reviewed in design meeting.
o	Changed carousel button look and behavior based on input from design team.
o	Changed carousel to scroll one group at a time instead of individual items.
o	Changed backspace based on input from design team.
o	Added ability to present the fractions created as feedback for the proportional challenges.
o	Made the "You Built" dialog appear after 2nd check instead of waiting for user to press 'show correct answer'.
o	Changed goal window, challenge banner, and solution banner to present the area+proportions challenge as one line.
o	Added a feature where the user can start trying again without pressing the button, i.e. this state transition now happens automatically if the user starts trying a new solution.
o	Added disabling of "Check" button if the user hasn't entered anything.
o	Added more fraction possibilities to the proportional challenges (level 5).
o	Made the grid come on for the 'find the area' challenges if/when the solution is presented.
o	Publish a version for interviews (x2).

Arithmetic - 6.0 hrs

o	Reviewed in design meeting.
o	Worked with Ariel on plan to get this sim finished and published.
o	More testing and issue logging.
o	Updated backspace icon.
o	Fixed issues with the multiplication symbol.
o	Worked on code review with Sam R.

Molecules and Light - 2.0 hrs

o	Collaborated with Jesse G on implementation of the molecule class, specifically on getting individual atoms to appear in the view at the correct locations.

Faraday's Law - 1.0 hrs

o	Reviewed some mockups with Ariel P.

Under Pressure - 1.0 hrs

o	Looked at Sam's proposal for ActualConcepts doing some cleanup on this and provided feedback.

Developer Meetings - 2.5 hrs

o	Developer meeting (x2).

Installer - 1.0 hrs

o	Responded to some emails where a guy is having problems installing PhET sims on a Linux machine.

Environment - 1.0 hrs

o	Set up voice mail on new system.
o	Updated list of github user names.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 4.0 hrs

o	Weekly status report.
o	Weekly status meeting.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 0 hrs

o	Nothing on the immediate horizon.
