PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 5-29-2014

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
May 29th, 2014

Time period covered: May 15th through May 28th.  This is a two week period due to a canceled statue meeting.

Balancing Act - 4.0 hrs

o	Made last minute tweaks to get latest SW agreement, published to production server.
o	Fixed a bug that crept in at the last minute, re-published to production server.
o	Cleaned up some structural issues with usages of Screen and View pointed out by SR.

Area - 33.0 hrs

o	Discussed and reviewed in design meeting (x2).
o	Created the 2nd, larger board and added new square color for it.
o	Added ability to drag squares from the bucket and place on board.
o	Made placement constraints work so that only contiguous shapes can be created.
o	Got reset working to remove shapes from boards.
o	Implemented perimeter detection and calculation algorithm for exterior and interior perimeters.
o	Added readouts for perimeter and area.
o	Added "composite shape" that depicts the overall shape that the user has created.
o	Added interior grid to the composite shape.
o	Added animation.

Arithmetic - 1.5 hrs

o	Did an initial, minimal review of code and provided some feedback to MLL.
o	Answered questions from MLL about design spec, reusable components, etc.

Gravity Force Lab - 1.0 hrs

o	Tracked down and fixed an issue with labels on the controls that JO found during Scenery testing.

Resistance in a Wire - 1.0 hrs

o	Published revised version (v1.1.1), which incorporates latest software agreement link, to production server.

Common Code - 13.0 hrs

o	Fixed some issues in Vegas pointed out by CM, see recent issue activity.
o	Moved FaceNodeWithScore to common code, worked with SR to generalize.
o	Created a slider knob based on the buttons, included in Sun demo.
o	Implemented a strategy pattern for handling button appearance, implemented a 'flat' strategy, added demos.

Build Tools (Java) - 1.5 hrs

o	Investigated issue with translation publication, now believe this to be unrelated to recent SSH changes.

Developer Meetings - 8.0 hrs

o	Developer meeting (x4).

Customer Support - 1.0 hrs

o	Investigated codes for Turkish Kurdish.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 6.5 hrs

o	Weekly status report.
o	Team meeting.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 8.0 hrs

o	Monday May 26th was Memorial Day.
