PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 6-19-2014

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
June 19th, 2014

Time period covered: June 12th through June 18th.

Area Builder - 19.0 hrs

o	Reviewed and discussed in design meeting.
o	Fixed an issue with orphan release.
o	Published a version for review by Bryce and Karina, changes approved (at least so far).  Link: http://www.colorado.edu/physics/phet/dev/html/area-builder/1.0.0-dev.4/.
o	Added shadow under moving squares.
o	Implemented game infrastructure, including basic flow, scoreboard, level completed dialog, return to level selection, and the shape board.

Arithmetic - 4.5 hrs

o	Let MLL know that number entry from the keyboard is no longer a requirement, updated the spec.
o	Published version for functional testing, see http://www.colorado.edu/physics/phet/dev/html/arithmetic/1.0.0-dev.3/.
o	Performed an initial round of functional testing.
o	Logged, updated, and closed various issues.

Balancing Act - 0.5 hrs

o	Moved score to right side of smiley face due to some recent common code changes.

Under Pressure - 2.0 hrs

o	Added a digit to the English units in the readouts, see issue #56.
o	Published a release candidate and updated the test matrix.

Gravity Force Lab - 1.0 hrs

o	Published a release candidate and updated the test matrix.

Ohm's Law - 1.0 hrs

o	Published a release candidate and updated the test matrix.

Common Code - 3.0 hrs

o	Created various versions of slider knob prototype.
o	Reviewed some proposed changes to LevelCompletedNode.
o	Fixed an issue with Joist timer (in collaboration with Jonathan O).

Developer Meetings - 3.0 hrs

o	Developer meeting (x2).

MLL Management - 1.0 hrs

o	Discussed QA steps, got their agreement on most items, one yet to resolve.
o	Reminded them about weekly report, Dmitry said he we start sending again.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 4.0 hrs

o	Weekly status report.
o	Team meeting.
o	re-certified ePER.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 0 hrs

o	Will be out Friday, June 27th through Friday, July 4th.
o	Will be taking some days off during the week of July 28 to move back to Boulder.
