PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 12-4-2014

PhET Progress Report
John Blanco
December 4th, 2014

Time period covered: November 20th through December 3rd.  This is a two week period due to the Thanksgiving holiday.

Arithmetic HTML5 - 16.0 hrs

o  Discussed in design meeting.
o  Overhauled the state machine behavior so that future modifications will be easier.
o  Added state transitions for displaying correct answer and displaying incorrect answer feedback.
o  Added initial cut at "Try Again" feature behavior for the multiply screen.

Neuron HTML5 - 12.0 hrs

o  Performed a fair amount of functional testing, logged several issues.
o  Updated credits.
o  Code review.

Gene Expression Basics - 1.0 hrs

o  Counted lines of code and supplied to Ariel for bid comparison.

Common Code - 2.0 hrs

o  Supported Martin on various questions related to the common measuring tape component.

Installers - 1.0 hrs

o  Tested latest for improved update message.

Installer Port to JavaScript - 10.0 hrs

o  Added logging facility.
o  Added parsing and interpretation of command line options.
o  Factored out command line interpretation and build configuration.

Translation - 1.5 hrs

o  Weekly meeting, continued discussion of requirements and design.
o  Discussed idea of editing strings from GitHub interface with Sam and Ariel.
o  Did some investigation of the Intl global JavaScript object, which is used for number formatting.

Customer Support - 2.0 hrs

o  Provided OpenStax with some help and ideas for porting the Flash simulations (met with Mike D to discuss).

Miscellaneous - 1.0 hrs

o  Looked at simulations developed by Chris Bruce of Nerd Island Studios.  He is asking if we could use some help.

Environment - 0.5 hrs

o  Helped Chris with tracking down an issue with Lombok in Java projects.

Developer Meetings - 2.0 hrs

o  Developer meeting (x2).

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 5.0 hrs

o  Weekly status report.
o  Weekly status meeting.
o  Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 24 hrs

o  Two holidays (Thanksgiving) plus one vacation day.
