PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 9-11-2014

PhET Progress Report
John Blanco
September 11th, 2014

Time period covered: September 4th through September 10th.

Area Builder - 13.0 hrs

o	Published dev version for functional completeness testing (dev.17).
o	Test, log issues.
o	Implemented refinements to the behavior for game level 5.
o	Separated controls and scoreboard in game.
o	Improved the algorithm for determining the 'uniqueness' of challenges.
o	Improved the algorithm for selecting random colors so that colors are not repeated twice in a row for any challenge.
o	Fixed issue where shapes could be made to overlap if dragged in rapidly.
o	Fixed issue where shapes would become non-interactive after switching modes in the 'Explore' screen.
o	Published version for review, see http://www.colorado.edu/physics/phet/dev/html/area-builder/1.0.0-dev.18/area-builder_en.html.

Arithmetic - 4.0 hrs

o	Code review and cleanup.

Faraday's Law - 6.0 hrs

o	Implemented a set of visual improvements requested by Mike D, see https://github.com/phetsims/faradays-law/issues/10.
o	Reviewed changes with Mike D.
o	Converted the body of the light bulb to be drawn rather than an image so that better 'light up' behavior could be implemented.
o	Logged bug on drag behavior, discussed history with Ariel P.
o	Published a version for interviews.

Fluid Pressure and Flow - 2.0 hrs

o	Worked with Sam R on code review.

Friction - 1.0 hrs

o	Published updated version to main web site.

Neuron - 2.0 hrs

o	Collaborated with Sam R and Ashraf to get started on port.

Common Code - 1.0 hrs

o	Reviewed code changes for AccordionBox, tested in multiple simulations.

Business Development - 2.0 hrs

o	Met with Go Labs and Ariel Paul to discuss integration of PhET simulations into their 'Inquiry Learning Spaces'.
o	Discussed a math simulation concept with Beth S.

Developer Meetings - 2.5 hrs

o	Developer meeting (x2).

Environment - 1.0 hrs

o	Worked on organizing the shared office with Trish L.
o	Updated docs with some coding standard changes discussed at developer meetings.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 5.0 hrs

o	Weekly status report.
o	Weekly status meeting.
o	Reported demographic data to NSF.
o	Certified latest ePER.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 0 hrs

o	Nothing on immediate horizon.
