PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 5-1-2014

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
May 1st, 2014

Time period covered: April 17th through April 30th.  This is a two week period due to a canceled status meeting.

Balancing Act - 14.0 hrs

o	Created small icons for the nav bar.
o	Tested fix for clipping of the touch areas.
o	Made the column control 25% larger.
o	Implemented fix for "strobing" motion of rotating text (in collaboration with Jonathan O).
o	Did multi-platform testing of text change.
o	Published a development version, see http://www.colorado.edu/physics/phet/dev/html/balancing-act/1.0.0-dev.12/balancing-act_en.html.

Under Pressure - 2.0 hrs

o	Fixed issue where faucet could get stuck.
o	Modified the tap-to-dispense time based on input from design team.

Estimation - 5.0 hrs

o	Made non-square rectangles work as the reference object.

Area - 2.0 hrs

o	Discussed in design meeting.

Build an Atom - 1.5 hrs

o	Improved an icon used in the game, see issue #68.
o	Reduced the auto increment timer on the number entry boxes in the game based on design team input.

Ohm's Law - 1.0 hrs

o	Duplicated an issue with embedding in iframes in IE with currently published version, verified fixed in latest code.

Common Code - 22.0 hrs

o	Added license files for the Vibe and Vegas repositories.
o	Worked with Chris M and Sam R on a number of questions and issues identified during review of the new buttons.
o	Updated collaboration document with some changes to the coding standards.
o	Revised the timer and sound toggle buttons based on recent input, review with Ariel P and Bryce G.
o	Published latest version of button demo.

Build Tools - 1.5 hrs

o	Added an output file to the build process that puts the sim in an iframe.

Installer - 12.0

o	Tracked down and fixed an issue where activities were not being included in the installers that are supposed to include them, see Unfuddle #3616.
o	Did a little bit of preliminary investigation into signing the installer.

Developer Meetings - 8.0 hrs

o	Developer meetings.

MLL Management - 2.0 hrs

o	Let them know about some changes to the coding standards.
o	Set spec for RPAL.
o	Pinged them about status of Arithmetic and BCE sims.
o	Discussed locally some concerns about their estimate for RPAL.

Web Site - 1.0 hrs

o	Did some preliminary investigation on an issue where some zip archives of activities are missing, found when working on installer.

Interviews - 1.0 hrs

o	Reviewed Aaron's GitHub repositories, provided feedback.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 6.0 hrs

o	Weekly status report.
o	Weekly team meeting.
o	Certified revised ePERs.
o	Complete faculty social climate survey.
o	Attended webinar on collaboration between Edmodo and CK12.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 0 hrs

