I recently made the observation that in an RL circuit in the CCK, after letting the current reach the steady state, if you remove a wire or the battery, then the electrons oscillate in the inductor.  This is the result from the time dependent circuit analysis, and it has taken me some time to understand the physical reason for this.

First, the induced EMF (voltage drop, for an ideal inductor) is proportional to the time-derivative of the current through the inductor.  Therefore in the instance in which the circuit is stopped instantly, we analytically obtain an infinite voltage drop across the inductor.

Second, Capacitors and Inductors are both energy-storage components, storing their energy in the electric field and magnetic field, respectively.  When the RL circuit is broken, the magnetic energy stored in the ideal inductor is not dissipated, and indeed if you reconnect the circuit (without a battery), the steady-state current continues through the circuit.

This looks like an appropriate way to handle ideal inductors, but there are a few caveats:
1. It looks weird to visualize the stored energy inside an inductor as oscillating electrons.  I'm sure this will raise lots of questions that might distract from the learning goals of the simulation.
2. I don’t think this would happen in real life; I think a real-life inductor would dissipate its energy, though I'm not sure of the mechanism or rate for this.

Here are some references to address the latter caveat:
http://techlib.com/craig/switching.htm
>>At the bottom is a proposed model of a real world (nonideal) inductor.  Maybe we should model something like this.
http://www.play-hookey.com/dc_theory/rl_circuits.html
>>This page presents as a believable mechanism, might be good to model.  See the paragraph associated with the last figure.

Despite the caveats and what would happen in real life, it may be good to show the ideal case, and depict it as we currently do (this solution would certainly be the easiest to implement.)

Please let me know how you to treat inductors in this circumstance.