PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 5-14-2015

PhET Progress Report
John Blanco
May 14th, 2015

Time period covered: May 7th through May 13th.

Data Collection (together.js) - 11.0 hrs

o  Discussed some past data collection sims with Dan Schwartz and Kathy P (via email), made them available to him for possible use.
o  Worked with Metacog on an issue where they were seeing out-of-order frames, issue seems to be on their side.
o  Weekly review meeting with Metacog.
o  Worked on issue related to static vs. instance based state conversion methods.

Beaker/ETS - 11.0 hrs

o  Added the ability to control the visibility of the Run Trial button through the API, created demo for ETS.
o  Weekly review meeting with ETS.
o  Supported ETS by answering email questions about API and data stream.
o  Fixed some issues with setting state across the IFrame API, created a demo of this capability.
o  Created a demo of screen capture using the IFrame API.
o  Put together a release with new features and fixes requested by ETS, will be published shortly at http://www.colorado.edu/physics/phet/dev/html/beaker/1.0.0-together.4/.

Atomic Interactions - 1.0 hrs

o  Reviewed current open issues with YY Carpenter, discussed plan for updating.

States of Matter – 1.0 hrs

o  Issue review and updates

Estimation - 1.0 hrs

o  Cleaned up class names, see https://github.com/phetsims/estimation/issues/4

Common Code - 2.5 hrs

o  Removed Vibe dependency on base64binary.js, and removed the library and licensing info from Sherpa.

Miscellaneous - 2.0 hrs

o  Reviewed and commented on job posting for JavaScript developer focused on accessibility.
o  Answered questions from Martin and Mike as Mike works to ramp up on HTML5.

Translation - 1.0 hrs

o  Weekly meeting.

Developer Meetings - 1.5 hrs

o  Developer meeting (x2)

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 4.0 hrs

o  Weekly status report.
o  Weekly status meeting.
o  Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 4.0 hrs

o  Took part of the afternoon of Monday, May 11th, off.

