PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 8-27-2015

PhET Progress Report
John Blanco
August 27th, 2015

Time period covered: August 20th through August 26th.

States of Matter - 12 hrs

o  Incorporated latest artwork for solid, liquid, and gas icons.
o  Made icons programmatically generated or constructed from individual images.
o  Tackled a number of "low hanging fruit" issues logged for the SOM suite.

Neuron - 8.0 hrs

o  Finished creating a particle canvas that uses a single image for each particle and uses scaling and transparency to create zoom and fade in/out.
o  Worked with JO to resolve an issue related to particles becoming white-ish as opacity is set.
o  Various code cleanup.

Area Builder - 4.0 hrs

o  Finished fixing issues revealed by fuzz testing.

Arithmetic - 2.0 hrs

o  Resolved issues revealed by fuzz test.

Molecules and Light - 1.0 hrs

o  Helped Jesse put together a new release candidate that incorporates recent Joist changes.

Common Code - 2.0 hrs

o  Changed version identifiers for PhET-iO versions to include "-phet-io" instead of "-together".
o  Various issue reviews.

Installer Builder - 2.0 hrs

o  Tested results of Wed auto-build, and unfortunately the issue is still not fully resolved.
o  Reviewed and provided input on Oliver's redesign of the installer download page.

Interoperability - 1.5 hrs

o  Participated in meeting to discuss requirements, plans, tradeoffs.

Translation - 1.5 hrs

o  Set up a test for sims that get most of their strings from other repositories.
o  Removed some bogus files from Babel that came about as a result of testing.

Developer Meeting (x2) - 3.0 hrs

o  Developer meetings on Thu and Tue

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 4.0 hrs

o  Weekly status report
o  Weekly status meeting
o  Met with Ariel to discuss priorities
o  Normal email and administrative overhead

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 0 hrs

o  Nothing on the immediate horizon.
