Bugs:
High Intensity mode erroneously displays % values in slit-detectors.

o There is an abnormally bright region just beneath the slits in intensity mode with detector(s) on.
o With lots of detectors in the single particle panel, I’ve seen it get into a mode where sometimes the wave function would suddenly disappear, but no dot would appear on the screen, and you have to hit the “clear wave button.”
o Schrodinger particles are ignoring the slits.
o On mac (or is it just lower resolution?) detector screen is not centered (hits appear above the center)
o On mac (or is it just lower resolution?) 2-lasers panel comes up in a weird spot (offset to the left)
o Still a bug in change of resolution:
    BTW, if I add a whole bunch of barriers and then change the resolution,
    it crashes (I can't make a wave come out of the gun anymore no matter
    what I do), even on the latest version.
In Single Particle, with a detector on each slit, sometimes both detectors fire simultaneously and the particle disappears.  Hard to reproduce this reliably.

o Wave function norm is off.  A detector that covers the entire box only registers 80-95%, rather than 100%.
    -this is partly due to the particle leaking outside the box

Add mass to the schrodinger equation.

Disable detectors when inverse slits are on.

Allow user to move slit barrier up and down by clicking on it and dragging. (low priority).

The controls should look more fun.  (The controls on Ron’s new Photoelectric simulation might be a good model.)

The “slit absorption” checkbox should have no effect if there are no slits or barriers.

Detect Now! button shouldn't disable detectors

Add "One-Shot" checkbox that can be unchecked to allow wavefunction trapping (i.e. detectors are not disabled until the wave hits the detector)

The first detector should always apear in the center of the box just below the slits?

Add a "Remove All" button for detectors.

Move the "Inverse Barrier" from "Advanced" to "Double Slits" and rename it "Anti-slits".

Add save/load feature for saving barriers/detectors.
___________
Units and Scales:

Add a ruler and a clock.  When user changes from electrons to neutrons or helium atoms, put an animation of a clock whose hands are slowing down next to actual clock, with a bubble that pops up and says “slowing down time.”  If you go back to electrons, time speeds up and an analogous animation appears.  We will need to rescale both space and time for photons, but I want to make sure we can get it working here first.  Below are units to use in simulation:

Electrons:
 
Quantity	Number in code	Units shown in sim	   
h	0.658	0.658 eV fs	   
M	0.057	5.7 eV fs²/nm²	   
Dx	1	0.1 nm	   
Dt	1	1 fs	   
vmin	9.2	920 km/s	   
vmax	36.8	3680 km/s	 

Neutrons:
 
Quantity	Number in code	Units shown in sim	   
h	0.000658	0.000658 eV ps	   
M	104800000	10480 eV fs²/nm²	   
Dx	1	0.1 nm	   
Dt	1	1 ps	   
vmin	5	0.5 km/s	   
vmax	20	2 km/s	 


Helium Atoms:
 
Quantity	Number in code	Units shown in sim	   
h	0.000658	0.000658 eV ps	   
M	415776000	41577.6 eV fs²/nm²	   
Dx	1	0.1 nm	   
Dt	1	1 ps	   
vmin	1.25	0.125 km/s	   
vmax	5	0.500 km/s	 

Note that you will need to put scaling back in so that the size of the box doesn’t change when you change the resolution in Options.

fix range of sliders to keep the physics in a meaningful range
Slider Ranges:
The minimum slit width should be about 4 pixels.  The maximum slit width and separation should be such that there is not a lot of the slits that is outside the beam.

Layout: (most of the following are based on feedback from Wendy)

·	Make the tabs for the different panels larger. (about twice the current size)
·	Put the gun type menu in a control box to the left of the gun.
·	Put the intensity and wavelength sliders in a single box to the right of the gun, but attached to the gun like in lasers.  Make these controls look like the ones in lasers and make sure they don’t overlap with the gun.  Put the on/off control on top of the gun and make it look like part of the gun.
·	Shrink the play area so there is not so much extra space.
        o	What does this mean?

Two lasers panel:

·	Allow user to change the colors of the two lasers independently.  If the colors are different, they don’t interfere, just like when there are detectors in the first panel.  In order to interfere with each other, the colors should be sufficiently similar that they look like the same color, but they shouldn’t have to be so close that you go crazy trying to get the sliders in exactly the same place.  For now, let’s say they interfere if they are within 5 nm of each other, but we’ll probably have to tweak it a bit once we see what it looks like.

Low Priority
If I check and uncheck “slit absorption” with no slits and no barriers, it creates little glitches in the beam.
High Intensity electrons with absorption and one detector gave blank answer in north region
    (although intensity pattern appeared on screen). <can't reproduce this>
When I move the vertical position of the slits, the response is very jerky and discontinuous.  Can this be any smoother?