 Rotation:
o Barrier, multiple sources should disappear for rotate wave in water module.
 What we’ve come up with is to rotate a box that has the horizontal cross section as one face and the vertical crosssection as another face.
 >>See email.
 All three views will rotate (Sound and Light show same thing on side as on top)
>I'm not sure how to visualize the intermediate graphics for sound & light.
-I think the idea is that it will look just like the intermediate graphics
look right now. It's just that when it flips over to "side" it will look the
same as "top". This is because both sound and light waves are the same from
all angles.
>Not sure I want to handle what to do with barriers, sources in these cases.
>Maybe we should disallow rotation here, and refer users to the 3-d falstad wave simulations..?
>>Delete rotation for light & sound.

Vectors on the light panel:
We have a representation for vectors in radio waves and we’ve found in interviews that it’s useful to use consistent representations.
For this reason, we need to have about a third of the vectors on the graph, remove the black outline and have hollow vectors with a colored outline.
The outline should be about twice as thick as it is now. Also the one black vector is misleading.
I had a quick informal interview with a student today and they struggled with the significance of the black arrow.
Also in the PhET meeting today, I could not make out the arrows on the screen but with radio waves, they are very easy to see on a projector.
I’ve attached a screen shot of how they should look.
o Photon vectors should not have their tail fixed at E=0, but their middle, so students don't confuse "y" with "E"
Maybe e-field vector should be hollow?

Units:
On all panels the graph x-axis units need to represent a realistic number.
The measuring tape already does this so for each panel if you could match the
 units on the graph to what the tape measure uses. For the y-axis, simple tick marks with no numbers or units will work.

o Graphs need to be cropped.

o Test at 1024x768

o Test on a Mac.

o Add correct units to measuring tape.

o Add audio to sound.

o Add correct units to stopwatch.

Wave Interference: notes from phet meeting 4-4-06
o When a barrier is present, it should be shown in side view as behind the wave.
o Faucets should be draggable.
o Should be able to view sound waves and light waves from the side.

Particle View
    - When you put up a barrier in sound, the particles to the right of the
barrier don't go through (this is correct), but the particles on the left of
the barrier penetrate the barrier. I suspect that there is a boundary
condition on the right side, but not the left?

- It looks like the particles run away from the speaker and then fill in
from behind. I know this is sort of an optical illusion, but there may be a
way to minimize this visual effect. I tried to follow a single particle and
it still looked like it was running away.

On the sound panel the current particle view is too large and there’s only one red molecule.
Let’s use the size of molecules that corresponded to 0.6 on your previous version using the same number of red
molecules that were displayed on that version.
For some reason the current version is very slow. Something needs to be done to improve performance on this panel.

Bug: When you turn the gun off, it goes to solid color rather than black.

Would it help speed things up to make the particles smaller? They could be
maybe 75% of their current size and it might look better anyway.
 I would pick a smaller particle size for the particle view.  Probably half
your current size or a little smaller.

Have the bar that connects to the faucets be silver like the faucets and
frame of control box. On the speaker the current color doesn't look bad at
all.  For the light I'd also change to a grey.

I would also like to add a reset button to each screen because you can screw
around with the barrier and get situations that appear to be a steady state
but after a very very long time, they seem to calm down.  The amount of tiem
it takes to calm down, however, is not reasonable.  I waited 10 minutes
after creating the second one in the attached screen shot and it still
wasn't back to a sine wave.  I took these screen shots about 30 seconds
after scooting the barriers back and forth very quickly.

Sound: Background should be black in particle view like it is with ideal gas.

Detectors: the graph obscures the wave right in front of the crosshairs, I thought we were going to move the crosshairs to handle this.

