==
Support questionnaire for Macintosh users.

Please provide the following information so that we can troubleshoot your problem.

(1) What is the name of your company or institution?
We'd like this information so that we know who are customers are.

(2) Which PhET simulations have you tried to run?
Which simulations are causing problems? Do you have problems with all simulations, or do some run OK?

(3) Can you run other Java Web Start applications?
Try running some generic Java Web Start programs from this website:
http://java.sun.com/products/javawebstart/demos-nojavascript.html.
If these applications fail to run, you have a general Java problem that should be discussed with your local system administrator.

(4) Mac OS X version -
Go to the Apple menu in the upper-left corner of your screen, and choose "About This Mac". The version number is beneath the Apple logo.

(5) System Profile -
Go to the Apple menu in the upper-left corner of your screen, and choose "About This Mac". Push the "More Info" button to open the System Profiler.  Under the File menu, choose "Save".  This saves a file that fully describes your system configuration; please send us that file.  NOTE: The system profile doesn't provide any personal information, but it does show the names of all applications installed on your system. If you'd prefer not to provide this information, skip this step.

(6) Java runtime version -
If you can run a simulation, go to the Help menu and choose "About".  The Java version is shown in the About dialog.  If you cannot run a simulation, open a Finder window, and navigate to /Applications/Utilities. Run the "Terminal" program, and type "java -version" followed by a return. This will print out the Java version number.

(7) Web browser and version -
The most common Mac web browsers are Safari and Firefox. Browsers generally have an "About" item in the left-most menu of the menu bar, and you'll find the version number there.

(8) Are you behind a firewall?
If you're not sure, ask your local system administrator. Firewalls can limit your ability to access some website or run Web Start applications.

(9) URL used to access the PhET website -
This is the address that you type into your web browser.

(10) Does Web Start provide an error message?
If Web Start has a problem downloading or starting a simulation, it will open an error dialog.  If the error dialog has a "Details" button, push it and record the detailed error message.

(11) Is anything printed to the system console?
In the Finder, navigate to /Applications/Utilities. Double click on "Console" to open the console.log window. Push the "Clear" button at the top-left of the console.log window. Then try to run a simulation or other Web Start application.  If anything prints in the console.log window, please copy-paste the messages.

==