PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 9-26-2013

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
September 26th, 2013

Time period covered: September 19th through September 25th.

Build an Atom (HTML5 version) - 22.5 hrs

o	Switched side of up/down arrows on all game dialogs that contain them to make them work better on touch screens (for right handers).
o	Enhanced touch areas on number entry dialogs on games for better usability on tablets.
o	Published version for review with Emily M.
o	Met with Emily M to work on redesign of the 'level completed' screen and the scoreboard.
o	Worked on the 'long pause' issue.
o	Added '+1' and '+2' indicators to the feedback node.
o	Corrected several issues with the behavior of the score as the game progressed.
o	Tested a particular version on iPhone to follow up on some issues noted by KP.
o	Implemented redesigned "level completed" screen.
o	Implemented redesigned scoreboard (fairly minor revisions).
o	Started organizing the test effort.
o	Various internal code cleanup in preparation for release.
o	Various layout and label cleanup in preparation for release.
o	Removed various debug printouts.
o	Published a dev version for early feedback.

HTML5 Audio - 4.0 hrs

o	Finalized workaround for iPad (plays an initial 'silence' sound on first touch event).
o	Created GameAudioPlayer for playing game sounds, changed Java version of game sounds to MP3s and incorporated them.
o	Created sounds for incorrect answer and for game over with all answers correct that are compatible with PhET's licensing terms.

Ohm's Law (HTML5 version) - 0.5 hrs

o	Finished replacing audio with Vibe.

Friction - 1.0 hrs

o	Discussed in design meeting.
o	Sent spec off to MLL for a quote.

Wave on a String - 1.0 hrs

o	Followed up on some issues and questions raised by MLL.

Under Pressure - 0.5 hrs

o	Discussed in design meeting.

Estimation - 0.5 hrs

o	Discussed in design meeting.

Build Tools - 1.5 hrs

o	Worked with Sam R on requirejs plugin for including audio using the module system.

Common Code (HTML5) - 3.0 hrs

o	Collaborated with Sam R on the addition of code to show the position of touch events.

HTML5 Startup: Process Development - 0.5 hrs

o	Reviewed and edited process document for the Rolls Royce group.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 5.0 hrs

o	Status report.
o	Weekly team meeting.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 0.0 hrs

o	No vacation on the immediate horizon.
