PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 9-5-2013

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
September 5th, 2013

Time period covered: August 29th through September 4th.

Build an Atom (HTML5 version) - 12.0 hrs

o	Ported symbol-to-schematic problem, all problems now ported.
o	Tracked down an issue with accordion boxes where contents weren't visible.
o	Added padding to "Show" dialog (as requested in review meeting).

Ohm's Law (HTML5 version) - 3.0 hrs

o	Made units separately translatable from the symbols in the equation.
o	Fixed some issues with layout of the box where the current is displayed.
o	Tested font changes.
o	Deployed a release candidate (had to do twice due to initial misunderstanding of current build process).

Resistance in a Wire (HTML5 version) - 2.0 hrs

o	Tested font changes.
o	Deployed a release candidate (had to do twice due to initial misunderstanding of current build process).

Common Code (HTML5) - 1.0 hrs

o	Reviewed changes for ArrowNode.
o	Collaborated with Chris M on issue with ObservableArray.

Build Tools for HTML5 - 4.0 hrs

o	Tried out the single-file build process for RIAW.
o	Discussion with CM about "agreed upon" process.
o	Research and investigation of grunt and Node.js.
o	Figured out how to embed audio resources into single-file HTML.
o	Started investigating methods for loading of audio resources.

HTML5 Startup: Process Development - 4.0 hrs

o	Weekly developer meetings and collaboration.
o	Various discussions about build process, common code, communication with MLL.

HTML5 Startup: MLL Management - 1.5 hrs

o	Let Dmitry know that he can invoice for GFL simulation.
o	Worked with Dmitry via email on issues surrounding our ability to edit the MLL-PhET Knowledge Base.
o	Added information about changes.txt to the knowledge base.

Installer - 0.25 hrs

o	Small amount of investigation into a request for a translated version, see Unfuddle #3564.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 4.25 hrs

o	Status report.
o	Weekly team meeting.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 8.0 hrs

o	Monday, September 2nd, was Labor Day.
