PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 10-24-2013

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
October 24th, 2013

Time period covered: October 17th through October 23rd.

Build an Atom (HTML5 version) - 13.0 hrs

o	Made number entry dialogs limited to zero in the lower direction for cases where it made sense.
o	Cleaned up code in preparation for code review.
o	Responded to code review comments (thanks to Chris M for the fast and helpful review).
o	Implemented several optimizations for the reward screen.
o	Profiled to check for performance or memory issues.
o	Published a release candidate and notified team.
o	Reviewed with Jonathan about reasons that layers seem to break Firefox.
o	i18n
o	Added workaround for large dt on the reward screen.
o	Held issue review and disposition meeting with Ariel and Emily.

Balancing Act - 6.0 hrs

o	Added (temporary) icons for the project tabs.
o	Ported some of the basic model classes.
o	Ported the view classes that make up the background for each of the tabs.

HTML5 Common Code - 6.0 hrs

o	Met with CM to discuss generalization of game components.
o	Generalized LevelCompletedNode and LevelStart button, moved them from BAA to common code.
o	Internationalized LevelCompletedNode.
o	Ported game strings from Java to the game repository (Vegas).

HTML5 Process Development - 5.0 hrs

o	Developer meetings.
o	Discussed support for Samsung Note tablet.

Environment - 1.0 hrs

o	Reviewed past work on Java signing certificates, logged bug for renewing current one (expires in February), contacted CU guy that we worked with last time (no response yet).

UBC Research Meeting - 5.0 hrs

o	Attended research meeting at UBC.
o	Connected Julia C to Ido and Adrianna of UBC to potentially discuss collection and interpretation of student drawings.
o	Wrote up and circulated a few notes from meeting.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 4.0 hrs

o	Weekly status report.
o	Weekly team meeting.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 0.0 hrs

o	No vacation plans on immediate horizon.
