PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 2-28-2013

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
February 28th, 2013

Time period covered: February 14th through February 27th, which is a two week period due to vacation.

HTML5 Startup - Process Development - 10.0 hrs

o	Worked on getting email notifications to work, tried out "web hooks".
o	Worked with CM on Git workflow.
o	Discuss grunt, build process, image loading, and overall development process with CM.
o	Update to latest version of grunt.
o	Participated in image loading discussion (via email and Skype).
o	Worked on issues with build process, partially in collaboration with Sam Breed.

HTML5 Startup - Example Simulation - 1.0 hrs

o	Worked on buttons with SR, specifically how to integrate Bootstrap.

HTML5 Startup - Mobile Learner Lab - 10.0 hrs

o	Finalized first cut of process document, sent to Dmitry.
o	Met with MLL to discuss process, get them started.
o	Added MLL developers as collaborators on the Ohm's Law and Resistance in a Wire Repo.
o	Send source files for existing simulations to MLL.
o	Discussed Dmitry's comments about development cost with Kathy, decided on "PhET Approach", communicated this to Dmitry.
o	Worked on contract for MLL.

HTML5 Startup - Resistance in a Wire - 0.5 hrs

o	Set up repo on GitHub.

Circuit Construction Kit - 24.0 hrs

o	Reviewed with Ido Roll and Kathy P.
o	Added message for voltage changes.
o	Coordinated some of the development effort with Sam R.
o	Added messages for connections formed/broken for voltmeter and ammeters.
o	Added messages for current and voltage changes.
o	Added messages for current changes in the battery.
o	Added thresholding to current and voltage messages so that they are only sent when resolution matches limits of message.
o	Made user component IDs available as model component IDs for all model elements that send messages.
o	Modified junction messages to send junction IDs, and only send messages at end of drag and not during dragging.
o	Removed move messages that were resulting from right clicks on wires.
o	Various small changes resulting from testing and review sessions with Ido.
o	Held several review sessions with Ido Roll.

Build an Atom - 6.0 hrs

o	Implemented easier extraction of particles from buckets for touch interfaces.
o	Implemented an alternative layout where controls are on the left side.
o	Tested on touch screen, demoed to Emily.

Customer Support - 3.0 hrs

o	Sent Kathy P an update on Oregon Virtual School District support.
o	Worked with Kathy P on a Java launch issue, reproduced issue, logged bug.
o	Shared Google docs related to HTML5 with Charles Bailey.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 8.0 hrs

o	Weekly status meeting.
o	Weekly design meeting.
o	Status report.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time -  16 hrs

o	Took vacation on Thursday and Friday, February 21st and 22nd


