PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 2-14-2013

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
February 14th, 2013

Time period covered: February 7th through February 13th.

HTML5 Startup - Process Development - 12.0 hrs

o	Planning meeting to discuss the way in which MLL will be managed.
o	Figured out how to update submodules in GitHub.
o	Sent process document to Sam B for review.  He has been out sick and has not had a chance to provide feedback.
o	Got the deployment process mostly working for example-sim.
o	Got JSHint checking working for example-sim.
o	Modified coding styles so that indentation is consistent with idiomatic.js.

HTML5 Startup - Example Simulation - 12.0 hrs

o	Worked on setting up the example simulation "example-sim" on GitHub (much of this work done in collaboration with Chris M, also some with Sam R and Jonathan O).
o	Worked on control panel for example sim.
o	Integrated a FPS counter that we hope to use in all simulations.

HTML5 Startup - Managing Mobile Learning Labs - 3.0 hrs

o	Started setting up Ohm's Law on GitHub.
o	Talked with Ariel P about prioritization of development for the various sims.
o	Set up meeting with Dmitry of MLL for kicking off their development.  Time is 9am tomorrow, Friday Feb 15th.

HTML5 Startup - Ohm's Law - 0.5 hrs

o	Reviewed proposed revisions for HTML5 version in design meeting.

HTML5 Startup - Resistance in a Wire - 0.5 hrs

o	Reviewed proposed revisions for HTML5 version in design meeting.

Circuit Construction Kit - 4.0 hrs

o	Added instance identifiers to the circuit components.
o	Added sim sharing messages for connections formed and broken.

Build an Atom - 1.0 hrs

o	Modified the particle size to be more touch friendly.  This was a special request from Emily M and Ariel P.

Customer Support - 1.0 hrs

o	Responded to some reports of problems with SOM.  The users all had old versions of the sim, updating fixed the issue.

Interviews - 0.5 hrs

o	Wrote up feedback on Trisha V.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 4.5 hrs

o	Weekly status meeting.
o	Status report.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time -  0 hrs

o	Will be out next Thursday and Friday, February 21st and 22nd


