PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 9-19-2013

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
September 5th, 2013

Time period covered: September 5th through September 18th.

Build an Atom (HTML5 version) - 28.0 hrs

o	Ported the list of problem configurations that can be used for games.
o	Ported the problem sets, which track the list of problems that can be used within a given sub-game.
o	Ported the problem set generation code.
o	Made the stars on the start buttons work as progress indicators.
o	Tested on iPhone based on some input from KP.
o	Added reset button, sound control, and time control to initial game tab.
o	Made the scoreboard work.
o	Added screen for 'Level Complete'.

Build Tools for HTML5: Audio for Single File - 28.0 hrs

o	Researched how to make Base64 audio work on Mac and iPad
o	Tested various 3rd party libraries, such as Howler and SoundManager2
o	Set up a repository for our own sound management library (called 'vibe').
o	Created a set of experiments for qualifying what does and doesn't work for playing sound effects on our targeted platforms.
o	Created a class that supports playing sound effects on targeted platforms.
o	Integrated with Ohm's Law and Forces and Motion Basics.
o	Integrated workaround for iOS quirks.

Ohm's Law (HTML5 version) - 3.0 hrs

o	Replaced slider image with one drawn by Sharon.
o	Integrated audio support for single-file HTML.

Resistance in a Wire (HTML5 version) - 0.5 hrs

o	Replaced slider image with one drawn by Sharon.

Friction - 2.0 hrs

o	Discussed in design meeting.
o	Added section on implementation requirements.
o	Edits and revisions.

Under Pressure - 0.5 hrs

o	Discussed in design meeting.

John Travoltage - 1.5 hrs

o	Looked at CoffeePhysics demos, discussed (via email) alternatives to the physics engine in order to resolve performance issues.

Energy Skate Park Basics - 1.0 hrs

o	Worked with SR on an issue where the skater pauses for a long time.

Common Code (HTML5) - 2.0 hrs

o	Moved ExpandCollapseNode from graphing-lines to Sun, integrated it with AccordionBox.
o	Provided feedback on ruler design changes from Ariel & Sharon, updated associated ticket.

HTML5 Startup: Process Development - 1.0 hrs

o	Created document for build process, added an initial diagram.

Environment - 2.0 hrs

o	Tried out Google Hangouts for screen sharing.
o	Worked with JO and SR to diagnose and fix the PhET web site when it went down.
o	Requested and obtained the permissions needed to restart Tomcat (part of the web site infrastructure) if needed.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 9.0 hrs

o	Status report.
o	Weekly team meeting.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 0.0 hrs

o	No vacation on the immediate horizon.
