PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 12-19-2013

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
December 19th, 2013

Time period covered: December 12th through December 18th.

Balancing Act - 12.0 hrs

o	Got the mass carousel fully working (except for animation) and sized to match other panels.
o	Added all 'mystery masses' and got their labels working.
o	Fixed issue where double occupancy of plank positions was being allowed.
o	Improved overall layout of 2nd tab.
o	Implemented the 'highlight when mass above' feature.

Friction - 7.5 hrs

o	Created 1.0 branch and published a release candidate (1.0.0-rc.1).
o	Gave MLL the go ahead to invoice.
o	Propagated changes from 1.0 branch to Master branch.
o	Investigated issue with thermometer appearance on Firefox+Mac (issue #18).
o	Fixed issue where evaporated particles still tracked book motion (issue #21).
o	Enlarged the reset button (issue #20).

Under Pressure - 3.5 hrs

o	Responded to MLL on four issues that they raised.
o	Worked with Jonathan O. to resolve an issue with using Scenery pattern fill to create the grass, implemented demo fix and sent info to MLL.
o	Renamed string files (most were still 'fluid-pressure-and-flow').

Acid-Base Solutions - 0.5 hrs

o	Discussed schedule with Dmitry via email.

Gravity and Orbits - 2.5 hrs

o	Performed code review, discussed findings with Sam R.

Estimation - 1.0 hrs

o	Met with Bryce and Karina to discuss design.

HTML5 Common Code - 1.0 hrs

o	Reviewed and made some changes to generalization of the Reset All button into RoundShinyButton.

HTML5 Process Development - 3.0 hrs

o	Developer meeting (x2), including planning discussion for deliver dates on sims.

Build and Deployment Tools (Java) - 4.0 hrs

o	Worked with other developers on plan for reformatting JAR files on the web site and then updating build tools to handle upcoming Java security changes.
o	Worked with CU IT on getting the new code signing certificate.  Some issues came up, am awaiting more information from them.
o	Test various modified JAR files under Java7u60 (which contains the security changes).

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 5.0 hrs

o	Weekly status report.
o	Weekly team meeting.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 0.0 hrs

o	Planning to be out all of Christmas week, will work Dec 30 and 31, then out until Jan 6 2014.
