PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 5-2-2013

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
May 2nd, 2013

Time period covered: April 25th through May 1st.

Build an Atom (HTML5 version) - 15.0 hrs

o	Discussed in weekly design meeting.
o	Worked with JO on best practices for layering and text layout.
o	Fixed an issue where release messages could get missed in touch-based environments.
o	Added reset to first tab and go it working.
o	Fixed some issues with electron positioning in the electron shells.
o	Added infrastructure for 2nd tab.
o	Created interactive symbol and added it to 2nd tab.

Ohm's Law (HTML5 version) - 5.0 hrs

o	Got grunt minification process working.
o	Deployed minified version.
o	Resolved an issue with image handling.
o	Worked on an issue with i18n which Sam R ultimately resolved.
o	Did some cleanup of the code.
o	Testing.

Resistance in a Wire (HTML5 version) - 3.0 hrs

o	Re-opened issue about disappearance of dots in the resistor.
o	Integrated new image loading approach.
o	Got grunt minification working.
o	Deployed minified version to dev.
o	Testing.

John Travoltage (HTML5 version) - 1.0 hrs

o	Pinged design team about readiness of specification, eventually converted it to PDF and sent it to MLL.

HTML5 Startup: Process Development - 4.0 hrs

o	Reviewed Noah P's MLL document.
o	Worked with Ariel to set up a machine to be able to update from GitHub and serve sims to touch devices.
o	Weekly developer meeting and collaboration.

HTML5 Startup: MLL Management - 0.5 hrs

o	Sent 'John Travoltage' spec for review and bid.
o	Sent latest JavaScript style control file.

Balancing Act: Changes for Stanford study - 6.0 hrs

o	Added a feature where answers to game challenges that are proposed by users are logged via sim sharing.
o	Added a field to sim sharing messages for 'challengePresented' that includes the correct answer to the challenge.
o	Published a new version and sent out the link for review.
o	Set up and held review meeting with Min Chi.
o	Wrote up Min's next set of requested changes and provided an estimate.

Miscellaneous - 1.0 hrs

o	Met with Peter (university of Utrecht) and David (from CU) about possible information exchange and collaboration.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 4.5 hrs

o	Weekly status meeting.
o	Status report.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time -  0 hrs

