PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 4-11-2013

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
April 11th, 2013

Time period covered: March 21st through April 10th.  This is a three week period due to two cancelled status meeting.

Energy Forms and Changes - 44.0 hrs

o	Fixed a bug where the thermometer would disappear when clicked on.
o	Implemented thermometer "pop" feature when grabbed by the user.
o	Put the carousel selectors on the 2nd tab on a separate clock so that they can still be changed when tab is paused.
o	Made reset un-pause the clock on both tabs.
o	Added feature where thermometer on beaker jumps to the side if block dropped in so that beaker continues to be the measured object.
o	Fixed issue with grabbing beaker when on top of block.
o	Made burner control for the tea pot stay where the user sets it.
o	Added new image for light bulb that doesn't make the blue electricity chunks appear green (did this 2x).
o	Made the burners always provide an energy chunk quickly to the blocks and the beaker so that students don't have to wait.
o	Fixed issue where tool tips for clock panel were popping up in the wrong places (basically just removed them).
o	Fixed issue where energy chunks could get stuck on the edge of a block when coming in.
o	Fixed issue with blocks being dropped at edge of stove and being able to overlap it.
o	Fixed issue where energy chunks could be off of the solar panel when first loaded.
o	Modified color, size, and layout of check box on first tab to make it more noticeable.
o	Changed the thermometers to have tick marks of different sizes for easier comparison of temperatures.
o	Reviewed in design meeting.
o	Did i18n of strings.
o	Removed unused images.
o	Cleaned up unused portions of code, but left prototype code for Heat Capacity Lab in place.
o	Did some performance testing and optimization.
o	Published several versions for review by the team.
o	Ran through IntelliJ code analyzer and cleaned up code based on results.
o	Worked on color blindness issues.
o	Created model.txt documentation.

Build an Atom (Java Version) - 5.0 hrs

o	Finished adding Reset Atom button.
o	Implemented feature that made it easier to remove particles from the atom in touch environments.
o	Made the spinner controls larger.
o	Made the tabs significantly bigger.
o	Made the electrons 20% smaller.
o	Published version for interviews on touch devices.

Build an Atom (HTML5 version) - 9.0 hrs

o	Updated to latest version of Scenery.
o	Ported model to Fort (mostly complete at time of this report).
o	Added gradients to particles.
o	Got common code versions of buckets working, integrated them into the sim.
o	Pulled view code out into a separate file.
o	Got buckets and particles working in Fort+Scenery version.
o	Worked with JO to get an model-view transform that handles shapes.

Ohm's Law (HTML5 version) - 5.0 hr

o	Published a couple of versions to dev.
o	Performed functional testing, logged several (~10) bug reports on GitHub.  MLL has addressed most of them.

Balloons and Static Electricity - 4.0 hrs

o	Worked with design team on getting spec ready to hand off to MLL.
o	Sent preliminary version of spec to MLL and requested a quote.
o	Participated in various discussions about whether MLL should use Fort.
o	Provided Kathy an estimate for internal development for comparison.

Resistance in a Wire (HTML5 version) - 3.0 hr

o	Added design drawing to GitHub.
o	Discussed process for acceptance with Sam R and Ariel P.
o	Started looking at translation issues (Sam R finished fixing).

Common Code (Java) - 1.0 hrs

o	Added a workaround for an issue where tool tips would be incorrectly positioned.

Common Code (HTML5) - 4.0 hrs

o	Reviewed changes to image loader code.
o	Got SphereBucket operational.
o	Various fixes to Bucket, BucketFront, and BucketView code.
o	Various fixes to the ModelViewTransform2 code.

HTML5 Startup - Process Development - 9.0 hrs

o	Weekly developer meetings to discuss issues and processes.
o	Weekly developer collaboration meetings to work together on implementation.
o	Discussions on accessibility during design meeting.
o	Discussed web safe fonts with Ariel P.
o	Worked with Sam R to understand and start using the "Fort" model code.
o	Debriefing with Kathy P in preparation for Hewlett trip.
o	Worked on plan for provided stable versions of our common code to MLL for sim development.
o	Wrote up a change control process in an email and sent it via email to Dmitry.

HTML5 Startup - MLL Management - 4.0 hrs

o	Set up meeting to discuss change request process, next steps.
o	Wrote up and circulated notes from meeting.
o	Discussed, via email, quote for implementation.

Environment - 2.0 hr

o	Supported Ariel P in getting set up on Git.
o	Contacted Unfuddle about SVN database locked issue.
o	Set up my old PC for Trish to use at conference (since hers crashed).
o	Update to latest version of IntelliJ

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 12 hrs

o	Weekly status meeting (1x).
o	Logged February hours.
o	Status report (x1).
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time -  16 hrs

o	One vacation day during Spring Break Week.
o	Friday, March 29th was a holiday.