PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 5-23-2013

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
May 23rd, 2013

Time period covered: May 16th through May 23rd.

Balancing Act: Changes for Stanford Study - 14.0 hrs

o	Made game start over instead of picking up where user left off.
o	Implemented challenge types and specific challenge sets specified by Min Chi for the game.
o	Fixed some logging issues.
o	Added challenge sequence number and challenge ID to the logged data.
o	Changed layout of the game tab.
o	Published several versions for review and discussion.
o	Met (via Skype) with Min Chi for review and discussion of behavior.

Build an Atom (HTML5 version) - 12.0 hrs

o	Experimented with 'tween.js' for implementation of animation (with Sam R), decided against using.
o	Various refactorings and reorganizations to facilitate reuse of code within the sim.
o	Implemented particle animation.
o	Added particle atom to the atom view on 2nd tab.
o	Got animated add/remove of particles partially working on 2nd tab.

Ohm's Law (HTML5 version) - 2.0 hrs

o	Got the build tools working for this sim.
o	Deployed latest version to dev.
o	Reviewed issues and tested resolutions.

Resistance in a Wire (HTML5 version) - 2.0 hrs

o	Got the build tools working for this sim.
o	Deployed latest version to dev.
o	Reviewed issues and tested resolutions.

HTML5 Startup: Process Development - 2.0 hrs

o	Weekly developer meeting and collaboration.

HTML5 Startup: MLL Management - 2.5 hrs

o	Set up and conducted postmortem of the development for Ohm's Law and Resistance in a Wire.

HTML5 Build Tools - 1.0 hrs

o	Reviewed some anomalies with CM, logged an issue.

Installer - 2.5 hrs

o	Worked on tracking down issue with installer version that includes activities, see #3547.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 4.0 hrs

o	Weekly status meeting.
o	Status report.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 0 hrs

