PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 9-13-2012

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
September 13th, 2012

Time period covered: September 6th through September 12th.

Energy Forms and Changes - 10.5 hrs

o	Finished initial implementation of clouds absorbing light rays from sun.
o	Made clouds fade in one at a time.
o	Blocked rays of sun at solar panel.
o	Added ability to create the E's programmatically.
o	Added energy chunk for chemical energy.
o	Added energy chunk infrastructure for 2nd tab.
o	Added energy chunks streaming out from the sun.

Greenhouse - 4.0 hrs

o	Responded to inquiries about the nature of the model in order to enable a study being done by some researchers at CERES.

Tablet Investigation - 17.0 hrs

o	Wrote up proposal for collaboration with CK-12 on porting of PhET simulations to HTML5, reviewed with Kathy, sent out.
o	Reviewed company presentation from Chris Kelly of Competentum.
o	Met with Competentum via Skype to discuss their bid.
o	Spoke with Julia C's cousin about how his company is addressing the mobile market.
o	Contacted Pearson as a reference for Competentum.  No response yet.
o	Spoke with Owen Lawlor of Victory Productions about budget constraints, expectations.  Expect a bid today (Sept 13th.
o	Met with Projective Labs/Spire Media to discuss bid.  They essentially said that they can't do a fixed bid due to uncertainty, and would provide time-and-materials information.
o	Discussions with other developers on risks of HTML5.
o	Contacted a local company called Quick Left that has (or at least claims to have) significant HTML5 expertise about potentially consulting with us.

New Sim Investigations - 1.5 hrs

o	Brainstormed design of number line simulations with Ariel.

Customer Support - 0.5 hrs

o	Provided additional information to Kelly Reed of Pearson about UTF-8 encoding of JNLP files.

Installer - 2.5 hrs

o	Fixed issue that was causing failure of automated build.
o	Testing and verification of changes resulting from migration to UTF-8 encoding in JNLP files, see #1928.
o	Checked the Arabic mirror of our web site, verified that they are NOT using UTF-16.
o	Removed code related to UTF-16 to UTF-8 conversion, since it is no longer needed.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 4.0 hrs

o	Weekly status meeting.
o	Status report.
o	Review, prioritization, and updating of Unfuddle issues.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation and Holidays -  0.0 hrs

o	Planning to take off tomorrow, 9/14/2012, as a vacation day.
