PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 8-30-2012

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
August 30th, 2012

Time period covered: August 16th through August 29th.  This is a two week period due to a cancelled status meeting.

Energy Forms and Changes - 26.0 hrs

o	Implemented the biker.
o	Reviewed the biker with Noah P, made scale changes.
o	Implemented the belt to connect biker to generator, including a "direct drive" mode.
o	Implemented the burner for the teapot, integrated larger teapot image, created first cut of steam being emitted.
o	Added gradient to water emitted from the faucet.
o	Made energy system objects that are not selected fade out.
o	Made paddles on generator wheel go away when biker is hooked up.
o	Made sun be programmatically generated, including the rays.
o	Added initial version of blocking of sun's rays.
o	Added clouds to the sun, including the ability to control them.

Gene Expression Basics - 8.0 hrs

o	Finished addressing comments from code review, see #3381.
o	Added credits.
o	Published to production server.
o	Worked with Ariel P to add goals, keywords, etc to the web page.

Fractions Intro - 2.5 hrs

o	Completed code review.
o	Collaborated with Sam R on shape equivalence.

Tablet Investigation - 19.0 hrs

o	Multiple discussions with developers, Kathy, potential collaborators.
o	Created a document that lists background and contact information for potential collaborators, including organizations that we may contract to port simulations.
o	Tried out a circuit analysis class at MITx, which is an interactive on-line learning venture that now involves MIT and Harvard.
o	Met with Neeru Khosla of CK-12 about integration of PhET sims into their "Flexbooks".
o	Set up meetings with a handful of potential contractors for porting of sims to tablet-friendly environment.
o	Try converting some of our SWF files to HTML5 using swiffy.  No luck.

Collision Lab - 2.5 hrs

o	Test iOS version and provided feedback.  Met via Skype with JO and SR to discuss usability issues.

Isotopes and Atomic Mass - 2.0 hrs

o	Fixed an issue where chlorine was labeled as calcium, got it retested, and posted fixed version to web site.  See #3410.

Common Code - 0.5 hrs

o	Moved PActivityDelegateAdapter to common code (requested by Sam R).

Customer Support - 1.5 hrs

o	Created ticket for tracking special version of Energy Skate Park, see #3417.
o	Worked with Pearson on some questions they had about using special version of ESP.
o	Make Mike D aware of user-reported issue with Pendulum Lab.
o	Talked with Anne Gold of CERES about assumptions used in Greenhouse Gas simulation model.
o	Helped Oliver with support question from a customer who wants access to the repository.

Installer - 1.0 hrs

o	Performed a custom rebuild for Kathy so that she could have the new sims (Fractions Intro and Gene Expression Basics) for her trip to Gernamny.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 9.0 hrs

o	Weekly status meeting (x2).
o	Status report.
o	Certified ePR.
o	Review, prioritization, and updating of Unfuddle issues.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation and Holidays -  5.0 hrs

o	4 hrs on 8/17/2012.
o	1 hr on 8/29/2012.
