PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 11-1-2012

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
November 1st, 2012

Time period covered: October 25th through October 31st.

Energy Forms and Changes - 7.0 hrs

o	Fixed issues with energy chunk behavior when switching biker in and out.
o	Made biker only transfer energy when generator in place.
o	Integrated new images supplied by Noah P, including "tired" biker and new legs for the biker.
o	Redid the water to look more natural, using an approach similar to that used in Fluid Pressure and Flow.

Build an Atom - 1.0 hrs

o	Analyzed a crash report supplied by a user, followed up with more questions.  See #3468.

Tablet Investigation - 16.0 hrs

o	Worked with Sam R on setting up auto update.
o	Did a partial rewrite of the Sole Source Justifications for Quick Left and Bust Out Solutions to make them more specific.
o	Worked with CU purchasing department to figure out issues with sole source justification.
o	Supplied CU purchasing with information about rates and discounts for Quick Left and Bust Out Solutions.
o	Discussed tablets to target and to test upon, did some research on market breakdown for tablet market.
o	Reviewed data supplied by Oliver about tablets that access our site.
o	Discussion with Ariel P about HTML5 plan and direction.
o	Status meeting with Competentum on Masses and Springs progress.
o	Experimented with CAAT as a scene graph.
o	Experimented with Kinetic as a scene graph.
o	Experimented with using media events to change font size and thus resize a control panel.

Fund Raising - 5.0 hrs

o	Wrote and submitted a proposal for a $5k ASSETT grant for using technology for improving education of CU students.

Common Code - 2.0 hrs

o	Worked with Sam R to track down a bug in Forces and Motion, which ultimately led to DefaultDecimalFormat.
o	Tested other simulations that may be affected by the DefaultDecimalFormat bug.

Customer Support - 0.5 hrs

o	Tested Faraday's Electromagnetic Lab on Linux, since Steve Pollack relayed an issue from a student who was having problems with it.  Worked fine.

Installers - 2.0 hrs

o	Tested installers built by auto build.  Also tested on Oliver's PC, where the link issue described in #3467 does not appear to be present.
o	Turned the weekly build back on.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 5.5 hrs

o	Weekly status meeting.
o	Status report.
o	Normal Unfuddle ticket overhead.
o	Entered hours in hours tracking spreadsheet.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time -  1.0 hrs

o	Doctor appointment.


