PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
May 10th, 2012

Time period covered: May 3rd through May 9th.

Energy Forms and Changes - 12.0 hrs

o	Added interactions between blocks for blocking motion.
o	Added handling for interaction between stacking and motion blocking.
o	Added control for energy packet visibility.
o	Improved handling of thermometer tool box.
o	Added Reset button and got it working.
o	Added floating clock controls below edge of table.
o	Integrated wider shelf image.
o	Worked on design of energy model.

Gene Expression - 5.0 hrs

o	Discussed low mRNA count values with George E.
o	Passed off payment for the E. Coli image to Oliver.
o	Tracked down and fixed an issue with grabbing and moving a ribosome right before it attaches to mRNA.
o	Looked at some behaviors that Julia C noticed when preparing to use it for a talk.

Balancing Act - 2.5 hrs

o	Deployed version do dev with latest common code for testing.
o	Tested, and recruited Ariel P to do so also.
o	Deployed to production.  This version now includes the "Tip Prediction" challenge type in the game.

States of Matter - 2.0 hrs

o	Fixed issue, pointed out by Julia, with behavior of the "Return Lid" button when water is very cold.

Beers Law - 0.5

o	Created ticket for code review.

Fractions - 1.5 hrs

o	Discussion of design of "Build a Fraction" with Sam R.

Common Code - 5.0 hrs

o	Discussed the plan for piccolo-based slider nodes with Chris M and Sam R.

New Sim Design - 1.0 hrs

o	Brainstormed with Sam on design of function understanding simulation.

Professional Development - 2.5 hrs

o	Attended first portion of the SEI end-of-year event

Environment - 3.0 hrs

o	Set up a remote desktop server on Simian (in collaboration with Sam R).  This included researching the use of NX versus VNC.
o	Discussed automated task management on Simian with Sam, using a platform called "Jenkins".

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 5.0 hrs

o	Weekly status meeting.
o	Weekly status report.
o	Review, prioritization, and updating of Unfuddle issues.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation and Holidays - 0 hrs

o	Half day tomorrow, May 11th.
