PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 11-15-2012

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
November 14th, 2012

Time period covered: November 1st through November 14th.  This is a two week period due to a cancelled status meeting.

Energy Forms and Changes - 26.0 hrs

o	•	Met with Rachel Sherr (of the Seattle Energy Project) and Noah P about the design of the simulation.
o	Made energy chunks be already present when sun is swapped in.
o	Integrated darker heating element.
o	Added beaker and thermometer.
o	Fixed issue with water not turning off and disappearing when faucet swapped out.
o	Got energy chunks to transfer into and out of the beaker on the heater element.
o	Made energy chunks on the incandescent light bulb become thermal before radiating out as light.
o	Made beaker lose energy more rapidly as temperature increases so that it never reaches the boiling point.
o	Made faucet knob bigger.
o	Reviewed with Noah P.
o	Changed thermal energy chunks to use black E's for consistency with other energy chunks.
o	Changed layout in support of translation.
o	Added a "Reset All" button to the second tab.
o	Published several versions for testing.

Tablet Investigation - 38.0 hrs

o	Various discussions on scene graph libraries, modularization libraries, build tools, support libraries, off line operation, internationalization, and project structure with Sam R.
o	Worked with Oliver on planning for trip to Google.
o	Set up apache server on my machine.
o	Set up BAA-html5 to be deployable to dev.
o	Worked with Quick Left on prototype of BAA on Easel and general process.
o	Set up and experimented with new Samsung tablet.
o	Tried out some of the JavaScript training on "Lynda".
o	Investigated accessibility and met with group in Toronto about how to potentially integrate it into our simulation design.
o	Worked with Sam R on better use of Easel in BAA-html5.
o	Communicated with Chris Kelly about the plan for future work with Competentum.
o	Discussed PO for future Competentum work with Oliver N.
o	Created HTML periodic table and added to BAA-html5.
o	Added several empty control panel-ish entities to BAA-html5 and experimented with layouts.
o	Discussed setup and tools with Chris M.
o	Worked on cross-domain loading error issue with Sam B.

Customer Support - 1.5 hrs

o	Helped Pearson with Java 7 issues.
o	Wrote up a summary of support provided over the last couple of month for Kathy to use in soliciting donations.

Line Graphing - 1.0 hrs

o	Reviewed prior to and during physics meeting.

Fund Raising - 1.0 hrs

o	Followup on ASSETT proposal (needed to get department chair's statement of support).
o	Email to a group that Kathy D is in contact with.  They are working on educational applications.

Installers - 0.25 hrs

o	Unfuddle ticket updates.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 10.0 hrs

o	Weekly status meeting.
o	Status report.
o	Normal Unfuddle ticket overhead.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time -  0.0 hrs
