PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 6-7-2012

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
June 7th, 2012

Time period covered: May 31st through June 6th.

Energy Forms and Changes - 25.0 hrs

o	Reviewed in Physics meeting.
o	Changed to obtain E's from closest location, instead of any random one, when transferring between containers.
o	Implemented limits for hot and cold.
o	Added a developer control for dumping energy levels.
o	Created several variations of the linear algorithm for mapping number of energy level to number of energy chunks.
o	Implemented different transfer constants for different materials.
o	Implemented initial version of the air that surrounds the objects and into and out of which energy can be also transferred.
o	Tried several different approaches to handling the relationship between air and other model elements that can contain thermal energy.

Line Graphing - 0.5 hrs

o	Reviewed in Physics meeting.

Common Code - 2.5 hrs

o	Discussed OutlineTextNode with Chris M and Sam R.

New Sim Investigations - 4.0 hrs

o	Read through a power-point presentation from a member of the Dan Schwartz group about types of problems that enable users to derive their own algebraic relationships.
o	Attended a meeting with the Dan Schwartz group where a sim for deriving algebraic relationships was discussed.

Installers - 0.5 hrs

o	Tested automated build to verify no problems were introduced by creation of multi-language installer builder.
o	Moved the weekly build back to early Wednesday morn.

Customer Support - 0.5 hrs

o	Responded to a customer who had questions about using the PhET Build GUI (PBG).

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 5.0 hrs

o	Weekly status meeting.
o	Weekly status report.
o	Logged May hours in tracking spreadsheet.
o	Review, prioritization, and updating of Unfuddle issues.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation and Holidays - 0 hrs

o	Will be taking vacation from Friday June 29th through Friday July 6th.
