PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
March 8th, 2012

Time period covered: March 1st through March 7th.

Gene Expression - 18.5 hrs

o	Met with Mike K and Emily M to go over interviews, discuss sim design.
o	Wrote up notes from meeting, organized and prioritized input, put into to-do document.
o	Changed to start with first tab zoomed out.
o	Fixed problems with labels on genes on first tab.
o	Made movement of biomolecules attaching to DNA to be less "aggressive" (suggested by Mike K).
o	Reduced max concentration of transcription factors to about half of what it was.
o	Changed the model underlying the behavior that governs how biomolecules detach from the DNA to be based on exponential decay.
o	Implemented adjustable affinities on 2nd tab.

Tablet Investigation - 12.0 hrs

o	Added handling of rotation events to HTML5 sim "Simple Build an Atom".
o	Improved the HTML5 version of "Masses and Springs" to the point where we would be comfortable sharing it with the CK-12 Foundation (in collaboration with Sam R).
    o Got masses to hang from springs.
    o Got masses to fall to ground when not hanging anywhere.
    o Got springs to oscillate.
    o Implemented friction.
    o Implemented reset button.
    o Added handling of rotation of the iPad - redraws screen (though doesn't lay it out, so it doesn't look great).
o	Wrote up draft email for sharing with CK-12 Foundation and sent to Kathy P.

States of Matter - 1.5 hrs

o	Implemented pre-stepping of the model on forced phase transitions in order to avoid odd-looking patterns when sim is paused, see #3273.

Energy Forms and Changes - 1.0 hrs

o	Discussed design in weekly physics meeting.

Nuclear Fission - 1.0 hrs

o	Responded to user who raised issue about U-239, closed ticket (see #3266).

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 6.0 hrs

o	Weekly status meeting.
o	Weekly status report.
o	Review, prioritization, and updating of Unfuddle issues.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation and Holidays - 0 hrs

o	Planning to be out the week of March 26th and the following Monday (April 2nd).
