PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 10-11-2012

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
October 11th, 2012

Time period covered: October 4th through October 10th.

Energy Forms and Changes - 10.0 hrs

o	Reviewed and discussed in Physics Meeting.
o	Integrated new images for fluorescent light bulb.
o	Fixed an issue where the energy chunks at the boundaries of system elements could get dragged around.
o	Moved conversion of energy chunks to be behind connector for the converter-to-user stage.  Less glitchy and works better during swaps.
o	Made light rays disappear from sun and from light bulbs when in energy chunk viewing mode.
o	Implemented energy chunks for the teapot, including thermal energy chunks from the burner to the body of the teapot, and mechanical chunks from the spout.

Forces and Motion Basics - 1.0 hrs

o	Reviewed and discussed in Physics Meeting.
o	Consulted with Sam on issue with guy getting run over, issue with dropped crates being in odd place.

Fraction Relationships - 0.5 hrs

o	Reviewed and discussed in Physics Meeting.

Tablet Investigation - 15.5 hrs

o	Meeting with Quick Left on getting started, contract specifics, and statement of work.
o	Meeting with Bust Out Solutions on getting started, contract specifics, and statement of work.
o	Negotiated on rates with both Quick Left and Bust Out.
o	Edited contract for agreement with Competentum in order to integrated changes from Kathy P and Barry (CU purchasing or legal expert).
o	Worked with Oliver N on filling out on-line forms for agreement with Quick Left.
o	Responded to Chris Bruce of Nerd Island about his students converting a PhET simulation.
o	Some reading about and studying of JavaScript.
o	Set up and participated in kickoff meeting with Competentum for the Masses and Springs HTML5 effort.
o	Checked in with Google about the dates for the OER developer conference.

Customer Support - 1.5 hrs

o	Investigated a company called Chalkable that has contacted us about integrating PhET simulations into their on-line learning environment.
o	Provided information to a teacher in the UK who was working on configuring PhET for a locally-hosted installation.

Installers - 4.5 hrs

o	Worked on an issue where the installer that includes the activities is not running due to issues with file names that contain non-Latin characters, see #3453.

Collision Lab - 1.0 hrs

o	Supported testing of AIR version.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 6.0 hrs

o	Weekly status meeting.
o	Status report.
o	Developer meeting to discuss improvements to the development process.
o	Worked with Ariel on DRK-12 update.
o	Normal Unfuddle ticket overhead.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation and Holidays -  0 hrs

o	Working remotely on Friday, October 12th.
o	Out on Friday, October 19th.
