"Crust" Tab
    Simplified to be "blocky" in general to show off isostacy.
    The density and temperature for the mantle and below uses the latest gradient data that I could find (should be fairly realistic).
        * Any extremely sharp changes in density / temperature (e.g. mantle to core) are modeled as a discrete change.
    Each crust has a constant density throughout (top to bottom).
    The elevation of the central (movable) crust's top relative to sea-level = CrustThickness * ( 1 - CrustDensity / MantleDensity ) - 3500km
        * It uses damping when moving into position, so it is not immediate
    Temperature and composition controls both affect the density of the crust (in a linear combination of the two).
    Temperature control does not affect the very top temperature of the crust, only the gradient below it.

"Plate Motion" Tab
    In general, the motion and shapes here are approximate, and although the distances should be fairly accurate, it is meant as a simplified
    interpretation. Notably, the mantle's motion is not considered or displayed in any of the cases.

    Notable simplifications:
        1)  Small variations and gradations in temperature and/or density may be missing
        2)  The initial shape and conditions at the boundary is simplified (blocky-looking) so that it is easier to drag-drop the crusts. The
            boundary type is chosen AFTER the crusts are placed (when the animation is started), and the initial conditions with the same crusts
            but different boundary types would be different, and it would be awkward to switch right as the user hits "play" or drags the handles.
            Thus we have "hard" corners as the starting conditions when two different types of crusts are used.
        3)  Continental collisions show no folding or other behaviors that would be present, and the elevations of the mountains is exaggerated.
        4)  The subducting lithosphere doesn't push and reform the overriding lithosphere (instead it passes through, and no accretionary material
            is shown).
        5)  The subducting lithosphere does not change shape significantly as it subducts (usually the leading edges would be worn away and deformed)
        6)  Magma chambers, magma and melt are somewhat stylized to be visible, and has simplified density / temperature profiles. Formation of the
            magma chambers (and how it "fills") is heavily simplified.
        7)  In general, a rough approximation to "erosion" is made at the plate boundary which would occur. Its shape and motion may be different than
            how erosion would function (as this is not the focus on the simulation)
        8)  Volcano creation is simplified, and smoke is constantly shown to better indicate to students what they are. Most volcanoes would not
            constantly have smoke like that.
        9)  In transform motion, the rift valley's depth is significantly exaggerated for visibility.
        10) Divergent motion's animation is simplified and does not include many of the surface features that would exist. The mid-oceanic ridge
            that appears has an elevation that is significantly higher than in real life (its height is exaggerated for visibility).
        11) Freshly created new crust in the divergent animations does not significantly change in temperature or density as it would as it ages.
