
Make some of the energy from the biker be thermal, have only this energy when she is biking by the solar panel.
Make everything turn on all the way when getting energy, taper as energy is reduced.  Max energy from generator and solar panel should be the same.
No limits on heat and cool on both tab 1 & 2.
Make the rate of heating for the beaker on 2nd tab roughly match that heating rate on the first.
Have some delay for lights and burner lighting up when energy starts to flow to it.
Implement boiling and freezing of the water.
Make behavior change when E's are visible such that lights don't glow until they get energy, and so forth.
Make E's not cluster in the wires leading from solar panel.
Make E's not cluster in the output (spout) of the tea pot.
Profile, have Chris test on Mac
Integrate Sam's way of making slider work
Fix flicker when E's are transferred between energy systems
Fix: 1st tab, weird interaction between beaker and thermometer control panel.
Fix: Jittery E's in beaker.
Internationalize E's
i18n

DONE: E's should build up in heat coil before going into beaker.
DONE: No thermal E's on the fluorescent light bulb.
DONE: Add Reset All just under the legend
DONE: Make the straight segment a bit shorter, move energy users to the left.
DONE: Make energy chunks spread out on light build filament a little better.  Min speed probably.
DONE: Make thermal E's use black lettering.
DONE: Energy chunks should get opaque when emitted from beaker.
DONE: Energy chunks non-occluded when at top ellipse of beaker.
DONE: Make knob bigger for the faucet
DONE: Make beaker hold energy to a point, then release it
DONE: Thermals build up on filament of incandescent and then emit light, and some heat.
DONE: Thermals turn to light or stay, but emit at end when no more energies coming in.
DONE: Add beaker and thermometer
DONE: Get rid of ability to cool the tea pot.
DONE: Experiment: Make front of fluorescent bulbs programatically transparent when energy chunks present.
DONE: Experiment: Make tea pot transparent when energy chunks present.
DONE: Make some thermals come out of the tea pot spout
DONE: Make chem energy in biker change to mech at top tube.
DONE: Make biker always stop at spot where she is about to move
DONE: Make biker run out of energy chunks, then have "Feed Me" button appear
DONE: Tick marks on cloud slider
DONE: Remove 3rd tab for now
DONE: Integrate new images from Noah (droopy biker, new legs).
DONE: Fix issues with switching between energy sources - energy chunks are weird.
DONE: Make water "non-turdy"
DONE: Have energy chunks present when sun appears, rather than having to wait.

