PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 4-3-2014

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
April 3rd, 2014

Time period covered: March 20th through April 3rd.  This is a two week period due to a canceled status meeting.

Balancing Act - 6.0 hrs

o	Set up test matrix.
o	Finished addressing all code review comments.
o	Increased touch area for items in the mass carousel for easier extraction on touch devices.
o	Published a release candidate.
o	Fixed several minor UI issues found during initial testing.
o	Fixed an issue where timer behavior was odd if user switched to a different browser tab and then back while game in progress.

Under Pressure - 6.0 hrs

o	Review and discuss some improvements with Ariel.
o	Made all pools have meter grid resolution instead of 1/2 meter for some pools.
o	Bounded grid on left and right edges of pool for pool configurations 2 & 3.
o	Fixed issue with positioning of text in fluid and gravity controls on Firefox.
o	Added meter depth labels.
o	Published new release candidate http://www.colorado.edu/physics/phet/dev/html/under-pressure/1.0.0-rc.4/under-pressure_en.html

Acid-Base Solutions - 0.5 hrs

o	Discussed status with CM.

Arithmetic - 2.0 hrs

o	Gave some early feedback on the first code that was checked in.
o	Created icons for game level selection based on artwork supplied by BG.

Estimation - 10.0 hrs

o	Worked on model design.
o	Implemented initial version of line exploration.
o	Implemented initial version of rectangle exploration.
o	Discussed some design issues with BG.

Common Code - 12.0 hrs

o	Added a round button that looks more consistent with the rectangular buttons (uses drawn gradients for shading).
o	Created a new Reset All button based on the new round button.
o	Fixed an issue with the press behavior identified by SR.
o	Improved look of refresh and return-to-level-select button based on team feedback.
o	Prototyped stroke on buttons, reviewed with team, aAdded stroke option to buttons, added ability to 'dim' the stroke when disabled.
o	Reduced icon movement on buttons.
o	Tried out some alternative shadings for the pressed in round button.
o	Published new demo versions in response to various feedback.
o	Discussed issue with Joist timer with SR.
o	Modified default reset all button size (new version only) based on input from SR.
o	Did some refactoring/renaming of the button code based on input from developers.
o	Fixed some behaviors related to multi-touch and button enable/disable.

Developer Meetings - 3.0 hrs

o	Developer meetings (2).

MLL Management - 0.5 hrs

o	Sent email about using SubSupText instead of HTMLText.

Sim Integration API - 1.0 hrs

o	Wrote up welcome message, had SR review.

Interviews - 0.5 hrs

o	Reviewed and commented on intern coding samples.

Environment - 3.0 hrs

o	Worked with Lenovo support on an issue where my machine would randomly go to sleep after 1 minute of inactivity.
o	Worked on allowing SSH access to Figaro from outside CU firewall, ultimately decided against doing this based on input from Orrie Gartner.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 4.0 hrs

o	Weekly status report.
o	Weekly team meeting.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 32.0 hrs

o	3 days vacation
o	Traded March 28th (CU holiday) for March 24th.
