PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 7-17-2014

PhET Progress Report
John Blanco
July 17th, 2014

Time period covered: June 19th through July 16th.  This is a four week period due to personal vacation and canceled status meetings.

Area Builder - 53.0 hrs

o	Modified the scoreboard based on feedback from design meeting.
o	Created icons for the game levels.
o	Implemented "Build it" style challenges for area and area+perimeter.
o	Implemented dimension labeling feature.
o	Added support for dragging, dropping, and de-compositing larger shapes.
o	Implemented most of "Find the Area" style of challenge, about 80% complete at this point.

Arithmetic - 15.0 hrs

o	Had MLL bid on and implement persistent board.
o	Tested, logged multiple issues.
o	Worked with design team to modify the color scheme
o	Modified size of lines on the grid.

States of Matter - 2.0 hrs

o	Worked with Aaron to define a stripped down, proof-of-concept version.
o	Introduced Aaron to the Java code.

Faraday's Law - 2.0 hrs

o	Collaborated with Bryce G to get the spec in shape to send to MLL.
o	Sent spec to MLL for quote.

Atomic Interactions - 1.5 hrs

o	Discussed in design meeting.
o	Supplied YYC with epsilon and sigma values for various atom combinations.

Balancing Act - 0.5 hrs

o	Switched to use fixed Joist timer so that record and playback would work if implemented.

Ohm's Law - 3.0 hrs

o	Fixed an issue with battery display.
o	Made sliders easier to grab on touch devices.
o	Republished to production server, now at version 1.1.0.

Gravity Force Lab - 1.0 hrs

o	Redeployed to production server.

Fluid Pressure and Flow - 1.0 hrs

o	Collaborated with Sid from ActualConcepts.

Balancing Chemical Equations - 1.5 hrs

o	Tested and logged a couple of issues.

Energy Skate Park Basics - 2.0 hrs

o	Tested and updated an issue that I'd logged a while back.
o	Discussed and logged an issue related to skater movement near screen edge on iPad.

Common Code - 3.0 hrs

o	Discussed the future of the 'grimace' face.
o	Code reviewed various fixes from other developers.

Developer Meetings - 6.0 hrs

o	Developer meeting (several).

MLL Management - 2.0 hrs

o	Told them that they are no going to do RPAL
o	Sent them spec for Faraday's Law

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 18.0 hrs

o	Weekly status report.
o	Team meeting.
o	Check-in meeting with AP.
o	Prepared for and met with KP for annual performance review.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 48 hrs

o	5 days of vacation, 1 holiday.
