PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 6-4-2015

PhET Progress Report
John Blanco
June 4th, 2015

Time period covered: May 28th through June 3rd

Data Collection General (together.js) - 3.0 hrs

o  Replaced FormatForEventStream with toStateObject throughout the together code.
o  Worked on modifications to slider behavior (with Chris M).

Data Collection Metacog - 1.0 hrs

o  Met, discussed progress, how to limit data flow, licensing enforcement.

Data Collection Beaker/ETS - 14.0 hrs

o  Worked with ETS to refine requirements for zero solvent case.
o  Implemented new handling for concentration for the zero solvent case.
o  Implemented support for messages when the disabled "Run Trial" button is pressed.
o  Implemented override of solute visibility, name, and formula.
o  Organized testing of latest version v1.0.0-together.6
o  Created and published a "release bundle", including latest sim and demonstrations of much of the requested functionality.

Molecules and Light - 2.0 hrs

o  Added position options for molecules as part of post-instrumentation cleanup

Bonding - 1.0 hrs

o  Design meeting

Capacitor Lab - 1.0 hrs

o  Met with Jesse to discuss questions

CCK Data Collection - 1.5 hrs

o  Supported one of Ido's grad students in figuring out how to build and just the instrumented Java version of CCK.

Common Code - 4.0 hrs

o  Investigated an issue where models could be stepped with dt values of zero.
o  Investigated an issue where sims are crashing on iOS 7.0.4.
o  Discussed implementation of HSlider with Chris M.

Supporting Mike D on HTML5 ramp up - 3.0 hrs

o  Helped Mike to add trig-lab to active repos and active sims.
o  Worked on general and specific questions from Mike about how to create sims in HTML5.

Translation - 1.0 hrs

o  Updated various GitHub issues.

Developer Meetings - 1.5 hrs

o  Developer meeting

Customer Support - 0.5 hrs

o  Continued email dialog with Swedish developer who is working on creating a customized, accessible version of Build an Atom.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 5.0 hrs

o  Weekly status report
o  Weekly status meeting
o  Re-certified ePER
o  May vacation/sick leave reporting
o  Normal email and administrative overhead

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 0.0 hrs

o  Planning two weeks sometime in July

