PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 02-06-2014

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
February 6th, 2014

Time period covered: January 23rd through February 5th.  This is a two week period due to a canceled status meeting.

Balancing Act - 19.0 hrs

o	Finished mass deduction challenge implementation.
o	Finished the challenge factory so that all challenge types and levels are now generated.
o	Tested and fixed various issues with game behavior.
o	Addressed a number of layout issues.
o	Integrated new icons for game levels.

Balancing Act, Java version - 2.0 hrs

o	Fixed an issue, reported by a user, where some of the mystery masses had gone missing from the 2nd tab.

Under Pressure - 9.0 hrs

o	Code review.
o	Worked with Bryce G and MLL to resolve a number of open issues on behavior of simulation.
o	Cleaned up some layout and appearance issues with the control panels.
o	Tested and logged issues related to handling of translated strings.
o	Cleaned up some coding standard items that hadn't been communicated to MLL.
o	Integrated new icons for the push buttons, supplied by Bryce G.

Acid-Base Solutions - 0.5 hrs

o	Defined alternative input box for MLL to use.

Arithmetic - 2.5 hrs

o	Reviewed spec and provided feedback.

Common Code - 13.0 hrs

o	Modified accordion boxes to allow specification of corner radius.
o	Tracked down and fixed an issue with Joist timer that was preventing multiple timers from working.
o	Worked on generalizing buttons.
o	Created prototype versions of the 'Refresh' and 'Return to Level Selection' buttons.
o	Set up a repo for button development.

HTML5 Process Development - 6.0 hrs

o	Developer meetings (4).

MLL Management - 1.5 hrs

o	Sent them feedback on their weekly report.
o	Emailed them about some coding style requests.

Installer - 2.0 hrs

o	Modified installer on phet-dev to rip from that machine.
o	Still working with Sharon to get a version of the new icon that can be integrated with the installer.
o	Tested latest version to see if icon integrated.

Build and Deployment Tools (Java) - 1.5 hrs

o	Worked with JO to track down and fix an issue in the build-and-deploy process that resulted from recent changes for security.

Interviews - 2.0 hrs

o	Participated in interview of Sarah Kate Selling.

Miscellaneous - 1.0 hrs

o	Tried out 'Late Nite Labs'

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 8.0 hrs

o	Weekly status report.
o	Weekly team meeting.
o	Attended presentation on Graphic Design by Dave Underwood.
o	Worked on booking travel to Boulder for upcoming meeting.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 12.0 hrs

o	Traded MLK day for Monday Jan 27
o	Partial sick day Jan 29th
