PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 02-27-2014

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
February 27th, 2014

Time period covered: February 13th through February 26th.  This is a two week period due to a missed status meeting.

Balancing Act - 5.0 hrs

o	Removed all decimal-valued masses with the exception of one mystery mass, added new integer value masses.
o	Published a version for testing by undergrad testers.
o	Fixed issue with force vectors being too large.
o	Fixed an issue where scoring could get messed up if user restarted game after wrong answer.
o	Modified tilt prediction challenge to not give away answer if first guess is incorrect.
o	Changed image sizes so that all images are scaled between 0.5x - 1.5x.

Under Pressure - 4.0 hrs

o	Tested with assertions enabled, fixed issues.
o	Another round of testing and issue logging.
o	Shuffled the mystery fluids and mystery planets so that they are not in increasing order.
o	Published first release candidate.

Acid-Base Solutions - 4.0 hrs

o	Logged issue on their use of 'toFixed'
o	Did a round of testing and issue logging.
o	Aided in review, discussed state of code with Chris M and Jonathan O.

Arithmetic - 2.0 hrs

o	Reviewed and discussed quote from MLL.

Estimation - 5.0 hrs

o	Set up repo and basic project structure.
o	Started on implementation of 1st tab, did simple demo of 2nd tab.

Common Code - 6.0 hrs

o	Set up Sun (UI library) to have a demo that can be easily published.
o	Moved experimental button code into Sun, created a demo.
o	Made HStrut and VStrut into lines.
o	Revised buttons based on feedback from most recent design meeting review, published Sun demo app, solicited input.
o	Worked with Sam R on using Bower to make it easier to get and set up our code for 3rd parties, ended up using something else.
o	Reviewed latest buttons with Ariel P.

HTML5 Process Development - 5.0 hrs

o	Developer meetings (3).

Moore Working Meeting - 42.0 hrs

o	Preparation meetings.
o	Researched NGSS and CC standards.
o	Read up on iframes, created demo with Build an Atom.
o	Participated in actual working group meeting.
o	Filed expense report.
o	Followed up on setting up a meeting with people from Pearson one integration with PhET sims.

Installer - 1.0 hrs

o	Tested Chinese language version, posted, and sent link to requester.

Web Site - 1.5 hrs

o	Worked with Jonathan O on doing a rip that can be used as a backup if the main web site goes down.

Interviews - 2.0 hrs

o	Prepping for and doing some pair programming with Dave Schmitz.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 6.0 hrs

o	Weekly status report.
o	Weekly team meeting.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 0.0 hrs

o	Will be taking some vacation time in March.
