PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 4-2-2015

PhET Progress Report
John Blanco
April 2nd, 2015

Time period covered: March 19th through April 1st.  This is a two week period due to vacation.

Molecules and Light HTML5 - 10.0 hrs

o  Tried alternative approaches for the 'glow' effect, tested performance on iPads, ultimately found a combination with acceptable performance.
o  Used mipmapping (better image scaling) for the photon emitter selection icons.
o  Worked with Jonathan on an issue where photons disappear when iPad is rotated.
o  Fixed an issue where the spectrum diagram could get into a state where it couldn't be made visible.
o  Trained Jesse on the release candidate process, published first release candidate for this sim.

States of Matter HTML5 Suite - 9.0 hrs

o  Worked on issue related to scaling of text for i18n.
o  Reviewed issues and updated, reassigned, and closed as appropriate.
o  Ran various tests, including fuzz testing.
o  Code review and issue logging.

Common Code - 2.0 hrs

o  Cleaned up obsolete branches that were brought to the developers' attention by Chris M.

Translation - 1.5 hrs

o  Weekly meeting.
o  Logged notes and requirements from the meeting.

Data Collection - 7.0 hrs

o  Participated in meeting with ETS to discuss plan and requirements.
o  Started regular meetings with Sam to discuss design and implementation, and to work on instrumenting the simulations.
o  Discussions with Sam and Chris on how to associate data and identifiers.
o  Spent some time looking at code, reading through email archive in an effort to ramp up on this.

Developer Meetings - 2.0 hrs

o  Developer meeting (x2).

Environment - 1.0 hrs

o  Worked on an issue where the latest version of IntelliJ won't open the SVN project.  Still not resolved.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 6.0 hrs

o  Weekly status report.
o  Team breakfast at The Buff (thanks!).
o  Attended meeting on changes to CU's retirement plan.
o  Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 40.0 hrs

o  Took March 23-26 as vacation, March 27th was a university holiday..
