PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 7-9-2015

PhET Progress Report
John Blanco
July 9th, 2015

Time period covered: July 2nd through July 8th

Installer Builder - 7.0 hrs

o  Met with Michael K to discuss how BitRock builder works, as well as other questions about the port to Node.js.
o  Worked on tracking down an issue with the build of the version of the installers that includes activities, not yet resolved.

Interoperability - 7.0 hrs

o  Changed licensing comment in the HTML5 simulations delivered to Metacog and ETS to reflect current wording, notified customers that they should update.
o  Worked on finishing the instrumentation of Joist.

Other Common Code - 7.0 hrs

o  Worked on issues with long start for off-line sims in IE with JO.
o  Discussed Scenery SVG/WebGL layer splitting with JO.
o  Finished implementation and verification of issue related to translatability of the ruler.
o  Normalized all audio files used in the games, made the compression consistent, minimized file size.
o  Verified code that inserts unicode chars for indication of right-to-left (RTL) strings.

Capacitor Lab & Energy Forms and Changes - 0.5 hrs

o  Met with Jesse to discuss progress and questions, such as transform behavior, the use of the "Tween" library.

Translation - 3.5 hrs

o  Tested right-to-left (RTL) language behavior, logged several issues, verified once Aaron implemented them.
o  Worked with Amy to establish correct behavior for RTL languages.

Supporting Mike D on HTML5 ramp up - 1.5 hrs

o  Answered various questions, helped with a redeployment

Developer Meetings (x2) - 3.0 hrs

o  Developer meeting

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 4.0 hrs

o  Weekly status report
o  Weekly status meeting
o  Filled out annual evaluation form and met with Kathy for annual review
o  Normal email and administrative overhead

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 8.0 hrs

o  Friday, July 3rd was a university holiday
o  Will be out for vacation most of the next two weeks, Monday July 13th through Thursday July 23rd


