PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 2-12-2015

PhET Progress Report
John Blanco
February 12th, 2015

Time period covered: February 5th through February 11th.

Neuron HTML5 - 4.0 hrs

o  Worked with Sam and Jonathan on moving WebGL to Scenery 0.2.
o  Worked on WebGL ramp up.

Arithmetic HTML5 - 5.0 hrs

o  Fixed issue where face appear too briefly in some cases.
o  Fixed issue where user could get multiple points for the same answer.
o  Fixed issue where timer and sound were not globally controlled.

States of Matter - 2.0 hrs

o  Sorted through the issues and assigned as appropriate.

Molecules and Light HTML - 1.5 hrs

o  Met with Jesse to show him how to deploy sims and to discuss a few issues on the implementation.
o  Provided feedback on documentation.

Balancing Act - 1.0 hrs

o  Republished and updated documentation in support of a user who is trying to get stable code.  Doesn't seem to have resolved the issue.

Area Builder - 0.5 hrs

o  Worked with Oliver to calculate total hours spent to create sim and report it to Kathy.

Sonification Prototype - 1.5 hrs

o  Created a sonification branch for Concentration, sonified about half of the functionality.
o  Met with Emily and Sam R to review and plan.

Common Code - 4.0 hrs

o  Review and comment on readme files.
o  Updated some common code issues that were languishing, brought to my attention by CM.

Translation - 10.0 hrs

o  Made it work with sims published on dev for test translation.
o  Worked with Aaron on a way to get the login information from the main web site to the translation utility.  Almost completed.
o  Added code to extract email from cookies.
o  Fixed up several pieces of the HTML templates to use loops, since I know understand the template language better.
o  Met with Israeli group on possible collaboration.

Developer Meetings - 2.5 hrs

o  Developer meeting (x2).

Interviews - 3.5 hrs

o  Attended presentation by and conducted interview of a candidate for a design position.
o  Wrote up and sent feedback on the candidate.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 4.0 hrs

o  Weekly status report.
o  Weekly status meeting.
o  Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 0 hrs
