PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 2-5-2015

PhET Progress Report
John Blanco
February 5th, 2015

Time period covered: January 29th through February 4th.

Neuron HTML5 - 8.0 hrs

o  Worked on a number of issues that are currently blocking publication.
o  Met with Ashraf to discuss details of an issue with playback and concentration values.

Arithmetic HTML5 - 5.0 hrs

o  Worked through all recently logged issues that resulted from QA team testing, prioritized and dispositioned them.
o  Fixed a number of issues.

States of Matter - 1.0 hrs

o  Published a dev version, set up a test task for QA team.

Faraday's Law HTML5 - 2.0 hours

o  Cleaned up the directory structure to meet PhET's guidelines.
o  Fixed an issue where the voltage never settles back to zero once the magnet is moved.

Molecules and Light HTML - 1.5 hrs

o  Reviewed in design meeting, brainstormed changes to make it easier for students to turn on photon sources.
o  Worked on getting Jesse set up on Spot so that he can do dev deployments.

Balancing Act HTML5 - 2.0 hrs

o  Fixed an issue with dependencies on the 1.0 branch that was causing issues with outside users getting stable code.

Sonification Prototype - 1.5 hrs

o  Met with Emily M to discuss next steps, which will include posting variations of Faraday's Law and doing a prototype for Concentration.

Common Code - 2.0 hrs

o  Performed code review on the Lightbulb repository, which is used for the graph in Neuron.

Translation - 2.5 hrs

o  Got demo working to the point where translated strings can be sent to sim in query param, only works from localhost since string feature not widely deployed.
o  Meeting to evaluate progress and continue planning.

Installer Builder Port - 1.0 hrs

o  Worked with OIT to get BitRock InstallBuilder set up on figaro and figaro-dev.

Developer Meetings - 2.0 hrs

o  Developer meeting (x2).

Interviews - 3.0 hrs

o  Attended presentation with and conducted interview of Amy Hansen, a candidate for a design position.

Environment - 1.0 hrs

o  Set up a new monitor.

Education - 2.0 hrs

o  Working through a Lynda.com class on Express JS.
o  Attended a colloquium.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 4.0 hrs

o  Weekly status report.
o  Weekly status meeting.
o  Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 0 hrs
