PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 5-15-2014

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
May 15th, 2014

Time period covered: May 8th through May 14th.

Balancing Act - 5.0 hrs

o	Reviewed with Ariel P and Kathy P.
o	Reduced size of timer and sound toggle buttons.
o	Added level indicator to the scoreboard.
o	Improved layout of the game screen.
o	Changed scoreboard button to say "Start Over".
o	Revised font size on scoreboard.
o	Published a release candidate, set up the test matrix.

Area - 10.0 hrs

o	Set up repository and basic project structure.
o	Set up project for two screens, created and incorporated temporary icons.
o	Added "placement boards", buckets, control panel, and first draggable shapes to the "Explore" screen.

Resistance in a Wire - 1.5 hrs

o	Worked with test team to re-test new release candidate.
o	Published revised version (v1.1.0) to production server.

Energy Skate Park Basics - 2.0 hrs

o	Duplicated and logged issues for things noticed during button testing.
o	Gathered performance information on iPad 2 for Sam R and Jonathan O.

Various Sims - 0.5 hrs

o	Cut over to new versions of Timer Toggle button.

Common Code - 11.0 hrs

o	Changed default stroke on rectangular buttons to be a thin stroke of darkened base color.
o	Various discussions with developers (mostly Sam R) on next steps in migration to new buttons.
o	Looked at an issue with the Reset All button appearing "grainy" in the example sim, seems to be an issue with the outline stroke.
o	Changed default caption of scoreboard button to be "Start Over", made caption text an option to the Scoreboard type.
o	Migrated some common code components to use the new buttons.
o	Revised buttons to take any sort of color specification for the base colors.
o	Worked with Sam R on some performance issues with the new buttons on iPad.
o	Tracked down issue with not being able to make text look disabled on the new HTMLPushButton.
o	Fixed an issue where outline strokes on new buttons didn't look right when buttons were disabled.

Build Tools (Java) - 0.5 hrs

o	Had Sam R and Jonathan O review the changes for file transfer, contacted Oliver N about careful testing of translation deployments, updated ticket, see Unfuddle #3621.

Developer Meetings - 3.0 hrs

o	Developer meeting (x2).

MLL Management - 2.0 hrs

o	Set up and held meeting with Dmitry, Ariel P, Sam R to discuss issues with recent sims and plans moving forward.  Let them know to cease work on all fraction sims except Fraction Matcher, discussed importance of next sims (BCE and Arithmetic).

Installer - 1.5 hrs

o	Helped a user in England figure out how to perform an unattended install on multiple machines.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 3.0 hrs

o	Weekly status report.
o	Weekly team meeting.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 0 hrs

o	Various upcoming vacation in June and July.
