PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 3-19-2015

PhET Progress Report
John Blanco
March 19th, 2015

Time period covered: March 12th through March 18th.

Molecules and Light HTML5 - 18.0 hrs

o  Met with Jonathan and Jesse to plan out next round of optimizations.
o  Worked with Jesse and independently on various performance improvements.
o  Tracked down where complex opacity tree was coming from (answer: RadioButtonGroup, but performance impact was negligible).
o  Set up a task for gathering hard data on performance.
o  Tracked down and resolved an issue where photons were getting inappropriate motion updates, see https://github.com/phetsims/molecules-and-light/issues/97.
o  Added back the 'halo' effect, but removed opacity for better performance.
o  Worked with Jonathan on a "trick" for reducing time to create the chirp node, reduced iPad 3 load time by ~10 sec.
o  Reviewed performance with Ariel.
o  Various other issue resolution and code cleanup.

States of Matter HTML5 Suite - 2.0 hrs

o  Fixed issue with color of Oxygen.
o  Worked in icons with Amy.
o  Published new versions for testing.
o  Started on code review.

Neuron HTML5 - 2.0 hrs

o  Got transparency working on rendered textures.
o  Experimented with different texture sizes.

Least Squares Regression - 1.0 hrs

o  Helped Martin to create and merge branches in order to test some performance options.

Energy Forms and Changes HTML5 - 0.5 hrs

o  Met with Jesse, discussed progress.

Common Code - 2.0 hrs

o  Made the content of common buttons non-pickable to reduce hit testing and thus increase performance.
o  Made some edits to the readme.md file for all sims.

Translation - 2.0 hrs

o  Weekly meeting.
o  Responded to question about using MongoDB for sim data - we've decided to keep it simple and use a flat file for now.
o  Refined requirements and added implementation decisions and diagrams to the document, see https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YzO_sCKg_ndXqMBMuiVXj_H1So4FUGhZ0bTaIJFMpPg/edit?usp=sharing.

Data Collection - 1.5 hrs

o  Reviewed the instrumentation of Faraday's Law with Sam.
o  Discussed approach for setting IDs with Sam.

Project Documentation - 1.5 hrs

o  Changed the example sim used in the PhET Development Overview document to be Area Builder instead of Acid Base Solutions, since the team felt it would be a better example.
o  Consolidated the Google Doc code review checklist with the one in GitHub.

Developer Meetings - 2.0 hrs

o  Developer meeting (x2).

Customer Support - 1.0 hrs

o  Helped a Linux user in China get set up and running.
o  Worked with Oliver to start some improvements to the documentation for using the installer on Linux.

Environment - 1.0 hrs

o  Worked on an issue where the latest version of IntelliJ won't open the SVN project.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 4.0 hrs

o  Weekly status report.
o  Weekly status meeting.
o  Attended meeting on changes to CU's retirement plan.
o  Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 0.0 hrs

o  Will be out the week of Spring Break (March 23-27) and on April 3rd.
