PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 8-28-2014

PhET Progress Report
John Blanco
August 28th, 2014

Time period covered: August 14th through August 27th.  This is a two week period due to a canceled status meeting.

Area Builder - 37 hrs

o	Reviewed in design meeting (x2).
o	Implemented feature that limits the number of pieces available to add to board for some challenges.
o	Mod: Dimensions and grid stay on between individual challenges, reset for each new level.
o	Internal code cleanup.
o	Added 'You Entered' window for the 'Find the Area' challenges.
o	Made the 'You Built' and 'You Entered' windows show up when user gets answer correct.
o	Made the shape carousel and keypad disappear when not usable.
o	Added feature where the user can continue to interact with the 'Built It' challenges after they get two incorrect answers.
o	Worked with Amanda M to adjust colors used for the challenge and solution banners.
o	Made fractions have the numbers be over and under rather than in line (e.g. 2/3).
o	Made dimensions come on when showing solution for challenges that include perimeter.
o	Implemented random colors for the background shapes.
o	Published version for use in interviews, see http://www.colorado.edu/physics/phet/dev/html/area-builder/1.0.0-dev.15/.
o	Various other user interface tweaks for the game screen.

Arithmetic - 8.0 hrs

o	Worked on code review (in collaboration with SR), still in progress.

Faraday's Law - 2.0 hrs

o	Set up the repository and added basic project structure.
o	Added initial artwork, including asset files.

Friction - 4.0 hrs

o	Fixed an issue with the positioning of the magnifier window on the books, see #24.
o	Created a release candidate, set up a test matrix, and created a task for the QA team.
o	Discussed a modification to the UI with Trish and Ariel.

Common Code - 4.0 hrs

o	Added error checking to Joist timer code.
o	Cleaned up GameAudioPlayer to use new conventions for prototype functions.
o	Worked on issue where audio isn't playing in Firefox.

Developer Meetings - 5.5 hrs

o	Developer meeting (x3).

Installer - 1.5 hrs

o	Continued email exchange with user who was having issues with Linux.  Problem is solved, and an Unfuddle ticket is logged for future reference.

Environment - 3.0 hrs

o	Installed Adobe Illustrator CS6, worked with Oliver N to investigate getting it for Chris M.
o	Coordinated Jesse and Aaron for getting Jesse set up to navigate Java projects with IntelliJ.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 12.0 hrs

o	Weekly status report.
o	Weekly status meeting.
o	Meeting with Hewlett foundation representatives.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 3 hrs

o	Left early on Wed 8/28
