PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 10-16-2014

PhET Progress Report
John Blanco
October 16th, 2014

Time period covered: October 9th through October 15th.

Balancing Act HTML5 Data Collection - 10.0 hrs

o	Met with UBC team to review progress.  Notes available here: https://docs.google.com/a/colorado.edu/document/d/1SgrKKyBD_BOqWdf5FBSaBnrDXvHK9eM6faboV-S-tEE/edit
o	Rolled in the changes requested by the UBC team and published a new version.
o	Set up meeting for Thu Oct 16 at 3pm.
o	Started working on testing of data collection using Simian.

Arithmetic HTML5 - 5.0 hrs

o	Published 1.0.0-dev.8, set up a task for testing.
o	Reviewed, tested, and commented on issues worked on by MLL.
o	Published 1.0.0-dev.9, communicated directly with developers to get them to test.
o	Let MLL know that they may consider their work complete on this sim.

Energy Forms and Changes HTML5 - 4.0 hrs

o	Worked with Martin V. on the port of this simulation.

Neuron HTML5 - 1.5 hrs

o	Met with Ashraf and reviewed the code, discussed optimizations and approaches (with Sam R).

Atomic Interactions HTML5 - 1.0 hrs

o	Reviewed the spec, responded to comments in the doc from YYC.
o	Added "Implementation Notes" section to the spec.
o	Set up repo in GitHub.

Area Builder HTML5 v2 - 1.0 hrs

o	Reviewed at design meeting.

Data Collection - 0.5 hrs

o	Discussed in design meeting.

Common Code - 3.0 hrs

o	Looked at an issue in Joist where time values of 0 are being sent to the step function.
o	Cleaned up the kit carousels to use the new buttons.
o	Modified clock based on previous review input, will discuss in status meeting.
o	Created a prototype version of the LevelStartButton that uses the new buttons, will discuss in status meeting.

Installers - 4.0 hrs

o	Tracked down issues with last week's automatic build.  Appears to be due to addition of the video files, which are now excluded from the rip.
o	Worked on an issue with running of HTML5 simulations from the installed version, not yet resolved.

Developer Meetings - 2.5 hrs

o	Developer meeting (x2).

Environment - 1.0 hrs

o	Worked with Amanda to figure out where to put teacher tips for Area Builder.

Education - 0.5 hrs

o	Reading on JavaScript subtleties.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 5.0 hrs

o	Weekly status report.
o	Weekly status meeting.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 0.0 hrs

o	Nothing on immediate horizon.
