PhET Progress Report, J. Blanco, 01-23-2014

PhET Weekly Progress Report
John Blanco
January 23rd, 2014

Time period covered: January 16th through January 22nd.

Balancing Act - 13.0 hrs

o	Implemented the remaining game states (try again, display correct answer, and move to next challenge).
o	Incorporated scoreboard into game.
o	Incorporated audio feedback into game.
o	Ported the 'Tilt Prediction' challenge type.
o	Started porting the 'Deduce Masses' challenge type.

Under Pressure - 1.5 hrs

o	Published a version for Bryce to review.
o	Let them know that the cost to implement the Mystery Pool behavior has been approved.
o	Start code review.

Acid-Base Solutions - 0.5 hrs

o	Verified initial commits from MLL.
o	Discussed review of initial commits with Chris M.

Common Code - 1.5 hrs

o	Published a test harness for the buttons so that Bryce and Ariel can look at current status.
o	Softened the 'frowny' face a bit.

HTML5 Process Development - 3.0 hrs

o	Developer meetings (2).

MLL Management - 1.5 hrs

o	Sent an email about using assertions in their code development, updated the Confluence wiki with a summary of this information.

Installer - 9.0 hrs

o	Finished incorporating new logos, will verify after next automated build.
o	Fixed an issue where sims wouldn't run due to changes to the Java security model, see Unfuddle #3596.
o	Tested on Win 7, Win XP, and Mac OSX and redeployed fixed version.
o	Drafted email to send to users about installer changes.
o	Tested auto-generated version (on Win 7 only).
o	Logged a ticket with new request for Chinese installer.
o	Logged a ticket for porting installer to JavaScript + Node.js.

Build and Deployment Tools (Java) - 2.0 hrs

o	Responded to request from CU IT to write up a list of steps taken to get certificate and issues that arose.  This was requested by CU IT for process improvement.
o	Updated and closed ticket about obtaining a new certificate (Unfuddle #3578).

Foundations and Prioritizations meeting (Moore Foundation) - 3.0 hrs

o	Met with Kathy P and Stephanie C to discuss technical participant survey.
o	Reviewed and commented upon draft of technical participant survey.
o	Wrote up some personal thoughts about what PhET can and should get out of the meeting.

Environment - 1.0 hrs

o	Tested firewall exception for SSH on Figaro, requested other on team test as well.  Testing failed, let IT know that it isn't working for us.
o	Reinstalled IntelliJ 13 to fix issue where it wouldn't run.

Meetings, Email, and Other Administrative Overhead - 4.0 hrs

o	Weekly status report.
o	Weekly team meeting.
o	Normal email and administrative overhead.

Vacation, Holidays, and Sick Time - 0.0 hrs

o	Trading MLK day for Monday 27, will be partially out on Wed Jan 29th.
